I like to let people know about these things, both for those who like it, and for those who don't! Something for everyone, as Zero Mostel so memorably sang!
On Sunday, the first Whitethroat arrived in the village. JWR and myself headed onto new territory, when we checked out Roddam Dene and Harehope woods. The cold suppressed birds and butterflies, but some flowers were struggling through - Greater Stitchwort, Bluebells, Wood Sorrel, Leopards Bane, Ramsons, Wood Rush, Woodruff, Opposite leaved Golden Saxifrage, Water Avens, Wood Forget-me-not, Violet, Primrose and Red Campion were all noted.
How the police minister lied
Peter Hitchens is getting his knickers in a knot over the fact that the winning team on University Challenge: Manchester University seemed unfamiliar with that old stalwart of Autumn: Keats’s ‘Ode to Autumn’. Could that have something to do with technological advances which mean that people have to specialise much earlier than they used to? And wasn’t it Einstein who said that only monomaniacs ever get anything done?
With the help Broadband connection, one can access Internet without an interruption. There are fewer problems of disconnection so there is no need to log on every two or three hours just as the case with dial up connection. Since there is no ‘per minute’ charges, it can be just left on. Unlike dial-up connection, your phone line will not be too much engaged while you are working on Internet. This is made possible by the filters that split the phone line for sharing the same connection. So, you can make and receive voice calls as well as surf the internet simultaneously.
We finally understand what those messages could be connected to.
And how do you sleep?
Perched high upon a Harley stern-
Well, the Cults got me. From top to bottom, this album is full of songs that make me feel like a kid again. After starting with the one-two punch of Abducted and Go Outside, the album continues with strong tunes showcasing Madeline Follin’s 60′s girl-pop ready voice and music heavy on catchy guitar riffs and piano/organ combos. I could go on about their influences, but I’d rather talk about a song nestled toward the end of the record that I keep coming back to, Bad Things.
In 1989 two different companies, NEC and Apple Computer, launched a laptop each, namely NEC and Apple Machintosh Ultralit Portable. Nec Ultralit launched in mid 1989. This laptop is probably the first notebook manufactured by NEC. This laptop has a weight of not less than 2 kg. On this computer in it has been there the hard drive and RAM by 2 mebibyte.
Dale had always worn the pants in his household. It wasn’t anything either of them considered old-fashioned or misogynistic; it’s just the way it had always been. Major decisions were always deferred to him — the choice of Tennessee for their homestead; that they just weren’t the type of people who could properly raise children; the selection of Methodism for their occasional soul cleansing; and their post-retirement relocation to Florida. These were all things Dale had decided for the both of them, his wife offering up little more than a lukewarm but earnest affirmation that whatever choice he had made was the right one.
Creating a diverse seed bank and swap seeds
This is the difficult thing about not writing for so long. There are so many bits of stories I want to tell, but so hard to string them together.
During the 1930's, she was a student nurse at Cook County Hospital in Chicago. How was she to know that her shift at the morgue would include a dead but well-known bank robber and a ladies' man?
I turn 27 in 11 minutes, and I still like them.
A technical exercise: The dream repeating in every night
01. The lion's roar 5:07
So the Lieutenant and the Contessa walked around the palace as innocently and as nakedly as Adam and Eve on their first day in Paradise. The Contessa was satisfied that her physical charms had not been scorned, and Wagstaff had turned what might have been an untoward incident into a triumph for British diplomacy.
A Spanish professor whose course I had taken two years ago stopped me in D Vickers Hall last week. We still pass each other in the halls regularly, but the rush to get to class prevents us from talking about what’s new in our lives.
Hugo: So what about aging these wines, what do you suggest?
It’s amazing the degree to which outreach strategies rest on a single, and deeply flawed, premise:
It did come as something of a shock, especially to those of us not issued with the requisite pogo-sticks by the local council. After all, when you look at the economic costs associated with it, there is a lot to be said for it. A pogo stick lane down the street takes up far less room than a bus lane as well as getting rid of all the unnecessary bus shelters and bus garages, not to mention the cost saving in bus drivers alone.
When I got off a phone call I would be interrogated for several minutes about who I was talking to and what we were talking about.
The epitaph on this stone, “We shall sleep, but not forever” is the title and first line of a Christian hymn that appeared in print in the late 19th century. The lyrics were written by Mary Kidder and the music by S. George Sibley. The full lyrics are below:
Ever wondered how to dress for Revenge? Clearly in the Hamptons its by wearing fantastic dresses week after week.
Keep on moving, keep climbing
Also on the site are a fetching pair of suede patch leggings. They are £40 but after realising that my old trusty pair of ribbed American Apparel leggings and a cashmere camel jumper is my post-lecture go-to 'vege-out-fit' and that in terms of cost per wear I'm probably now being paid to wear said leggings, the idea of spending that £40 on another pair isn't too painful an idea.
Another time we were picking up our room together. He was piling hangers onto the bed from the floor. He gave me a little swat. I wanted to push,see what would happen. So I began knocking them back into the floor. He waved a hanger in my face One swat for each one I pick up. I threw several around and he swatted me several times.
Neolithicum is a pretty unknown HC/punk band from The Netherlands. Releases a CD 'More Kicks Than Brains' in 1994.
Here are some photos of our wonderful day there.
But forever isn't good if the publisher isn't promoting the book. Why should publishers have control over books they aren't marketing and selling? If your book is no longer available for order or download, or if its availability is limited (for instance, if there are no print copies that can be ordered by stores and the book exists only in an electronic edition), or if it's still available but few or no copies are selling, you're better off if the publisher takes it out of print, allowing you to revert the rights and regain control of them. Perhaps you can do something else with them--re-sell them, for instance (this is difficult, but not impossible), or publish through a service like the Authors Guild's Back in Print program, which allows authors to bring out-of-print books back into circulation. Even if you wind up simply holding on to the rights, it's better than letting your book languish in the publisher's vault.
I was hoping to get new scale today, but of course I did not. So tomorrow I hope I will have better luck getting one when I’m out. I will take my measurements too tomorrow.
White House spokesman Scott McClellan condemned the killings as “despicable, horrific attacks” and “cowardly, hateful acts,” saying, “it was inexcusable the way those individuals were treated.” He called those responsible for the deaths “terrorists” and “a collection of killers” and vowed that “America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins.”
I don’t like starbucks, and their coffee sucks, but it was the perfect place to mingle with the beast.
Put the flour, yeast, cinnamon and brown sugar in the bread maker bowl. Add the melted butter, milk, yogurt and beaten egg. Set to 'dough' and go away and do something else. My bread machine takes 45 minutes to make a dough.
We stopped off for lunch at a place called, Ann’s Pantry. Since there’s only a few cafe’s down Larne’s main street, we figured what could go wrong, right?
Although, as Yorkshiremen would say, “Newt’s all mouth and no trousers”, meaning he’s bombast without substance.
UPDATE (2011/07/22): Silly me. Everybody knows that Weep for Me was translated into German.
The cherries sink into the cake mix, producing a delicious gooey topping & the cake itself is quite dense & rich. It goes really well with a cup of tea, but it would work equally as well as a dessert served warm with either a good lashing of custard or a scoop of vanilla ice-cream! Hope you enjoy, have a good week & don't forget to enter the giveaway, Rebecca x
ace frehley 355
Johnny Strabler (Marlon Brando) is the leader of a motorcycle gang. They go to a small town and Johnny meets and falls in love with Kathie Bleeker (Mary Murphy). Problem is, she’s the daughter of a policeman. A rival gang then arrives and makes a mess out of everything.
When it comes to the plot, it suffers from all the problems of sequels—it’s too sprawling, there’s too many characters, too many locations, and too much history shoe-horned into the story. The open world gets in the way of the narrative by making it more disjointed than the tightly constructed plot of the original, which, while containing a pretty big cast of characters, was focused squarely on the Joker. In this one, way too many elements are added via dues ex machina that both come out of nowhere, and made less and less sense. The game simply does not set-up many of its plot turns effectively. For instance, when a game that has mostly been grounded in the “real world” (as real as you can make it) suddenly tells me I need to hunt down a several hundred year old man to get a sample of his blood ( someone who hasn’t even been mentioned in the story until now) eyebrows start to raise. I understand his role in the comics ( I’ve have several Batman die-hards explain it to me) but that doesn’t change the fact that throwing this character into the plot out of nowhere, and making a large portion of the story REVOLVE around him is amateurish at best. It screams sloppy fan service, and reinforces the overall feel of things being cobbled together as opposed to being thought-out and interconnected.
Blake's passion is photography. This isn't something I'm familiar with from a technical point of view, so I was a little concerned I wouldn't understand all the terms. But I did and the photography aspect ties in so well with the rest of the book. Especially when it comes to Marissa, Blake's best friend. She lives a very complicated life and Blake wants to help her however he can.
At 5:30 we walked outside and thought we had been transported to another land.
The slogan "Forward!" reflected the conviction of European Marxists and radicals that their movements reflected the march of history, which would move forward past capitalism and into socialism and communism.
Rules of Negotiation was a fun and really quick read that unfortunately I won't remember for long since I finished reading it. It's cute story, written by a really talented author but somehow it's not something either extraordinary or fresh. It's a story told so many times already and that is probably why I will soon forget everything about it.
To start off, just as the PM apologized for a statement from the elder of how certain group of people need to repent for choosing a wrong leader, it is the highest echelon salary. Our PM had a big headache. In fact I believe he initially unlike the two previous PMs, does not like huge salary increase, which make him donated the raise out. However, being too slow to react, it caused a big whirlwind in the election. Then he began to repair the damage. Within a couple of months, he got it ‘fixed’. But I do not think the repair was good enough, as the so call big cut, still have a lot of bonuses in it, and still making millions. So though there was a major repair, it is yet to be fixed. Sentiment is still that our high echelons are still too far off the norm.
At 2.35pm, Anwar took to the stage in Masjid India. He echoed Ambiga’s declaration of success and spiced it with a “we want elections to be clean. Malays, Chinese and Indians today all want the dirty government to end”.
A personal testimony does not save a sinner. The Gospel does. It’s quite right to support a Gospel presentation with what the Gospel has done in one’s life. Yet, we must never confuse the Gospel itself with a personal testimony.
The human heart really is wired to respond to the needs of others, and often the only thing holding us back is making our minds aware of the needs around us so our hearts can respond.
taken from the back jacket of Beryl Markham's book)
THE SHOW THAT MADE VAUDEVILLE FAMOUS
"What the hell are you doing, Samson?” Ricky asked.
She's a pecker. Oh my goddess, she is one BAMP (Bad Ass Mother Pecker). She likes my silver hairs, my wiggly eyeballs, food in my teeth (any food I've got, really) and my teeny-tiny diamond earring (in my ear) from Mitch. I like a friendly and non-mauling chicken-friend. I've compromised by redirecting her fascination with all-things-reflective-or-tasty-about-me with my telephone screen. (It's not tactile responsive) I always add a reward to her phone pecks: neck scratches, cooing, petting.
I come from a country where, in my teens, sexual harassment was widespread and a common social practice—even more so, after the revolution. And in my line of work, it is clear that violence against women comes in many forms, some more hidden than others. In recent months, some pretty awful things have been said about women in the U.S., by people seen as leaders in their fields. Like freedom of expression, women’s rights are not to be taken for granted.
Since son in law is a perfectionist and has a doctorate and a masters in chemical engineering,
I was honored to be the opening keynote speaker at the Paradoxica Conference held at the University of Lethbridge, in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. Lethbridge is about a three-hour drive south of Calgary.
…Hath September…
Denied! Most men in Virginia City wore something Dickens would have worn. Mr. Stetson didn't sell his first hat until 1865, a few years after my books are set. Mark Twain, (my vocabulary source for 1862), describes himself as arriving in Virginia City with a slouch hat, a soft felt hat usually of brown or black. That's the type of hat my character is wearing on the front cover of my book. So in my books my male characters wear plug hats, stovepipe hats or slouch hats. And my women are almost universally in bonnets. The dude on the black and white carte de visite up above is Tom Peasley, a famous Virginia City Sheriff from 1866.
She ended her perfomance after 1,20h.
I stared at the pen, turning it around to make sure …
And we have more coming our way!
I left that office and I never returned.
Are you ready? Is your bib on? Ok, here we go!
Inception (2010) as Professor Stephen Miles
a tug of hurt in my heart-
Then, just like that, I had a hard time remembering what happened to me. Out loud I pondered: "What did happen?" I remember, deep inside, being afraid to ask why did it happen. That was the scary question. I buried it, let it go. Didn't think about it again. As time went on and I learned about other women and their birth trauma I vaguely remembered being unhappy with my birth. I thought, Boy was I being a brat. Women have had worst birth trauma's, unnecessary c-sections, terrible iatrogenic injuries and even death. I felt guilty for ever thinking I had a bad experience and so I buried it further. Not until sometime in September of 2004, about 5 hours after finding out I was pregnant again would I recall to memory what happened in the early morning of September 29th as if it was yesterday. It was as clear to me then, as it is to me now. I cried and cried alone in my bed and silently I vowed never again.
Do any of you have any insight to share? Either your own experiences or friends?
Pecans (or almonds, walnuts, etc)
This looks like a supportive nursing pillow similar to a Boppy, but it's self-inflatable, so it's way less bulky and easy to take on-the-go if you find you need a pillow to nurse. I've never used this before and I don't get any remuneration from this post, just saw the deal and thought I'd let you ladies in on it. :)
1225. Lobster Roll @ The Tiny Seafood Market on the Main Road Through Brigantine (Brigantine, NJ) 12:41 p.m.
“So be it, then, skald,” said the king, and withal he gave him a ring that weighed six ounces; “but,” said he, “thou shalt give me thy word to come back next autumn, for I will not let thee go altogether, because of thy great prowess.”
(Thank you)
Instead, let’s talk about what’s here. What’s here is a shit-ton of blood. Seriously, I like horror movies, but The Passion of the Christ is bloodier than most. Christians, by and large, seem to like the bloody Jesus, too, since you won’t find too many films more passionately defended by the faithful.
Finding a formal dress that fits can be a daunting task. Not only must it fit your body shape and style, but it also needs to fit the occasion. You can spend your time shopping in local retail shops to find the perfect dress, but there is a good chance that you will only end up frustrated or worse, with a dress that is uncomfortable. If you have an important event, feeling confident is important, and wearing the wrong dress could make you hide in a corner all night.
Bob a member of NN believes that such projects have helped him gain “the confidence to speak out and say what I need to say”. Kirsty, another long term member believes that:
So a little about my new venture. Don't get too excited ladies, its only a summerhouse, but its my summerhouse (have always wanted one in the garden), or at least while I pay for it! It is inside the premise of Bay Tree Farm Garden Centre . There are 5 similar units there, only 2 others occupied, a wool shop and a lovely glassware shop, but hopefully the other units will soon be taken, and they are planning to add more if it takes off. The units have been their since November so its a new venture and its still very quiet, but I believe that with better advertising it may take off. I have been to the garden centre at least 3 times since November, and did not realize they had the shopping village there!!!!
The Holy Spirit will put a strict watch on you, and with a jealous love rebuke you for careless words and feelings, or for wasting your time, which other Christians never seem distressed over.
Basically, this is a good representation of spring in our section of Wisconsin. The Mississippi River opens up and the sand bars warm so we can enjoy a picnic while watching the dragonflies hatch. Did you know that the favorite food of a dragonfly or damselfly is mosquitoes?!!
Cast iron gates fence apart,
that matters,
......and I am soooo happy, so so so so happy!
Stop yourself when you begin to judge and focus on the good in others instead.
I have discussed the merits of this test with a few F1 journalists and two of the teams participating. The generally accepted opinion has been that these tests are useful, perhaps more for some than others. As one journalist simply put it, “a free test is always beneficial though, even if the result is only a minor upgrade/change”. Although the test wasn’t actually “free” in monetary terms, it was a free in terms of opportunity. The way this season is shaping up, with no clear leader, this test has been crucial for teams to test some components and configurations before the start of the Euro rounds.
The plain truth is that there has been no documented increase in the severity of storms in the U.S., or anywhere else, as a consequence of climate change. There has, however, been an explosion in the intensity of media coverage devoted to extreme weather events. (There is even an "extreme weather channel" for kids.) NBC news has its own Chief Environmental Affairs reporter, Anne Thompson, who is not shy about linking extreme weather events with climate change. Practically every story she has filed harps on the climate "crisis," pointing implicitly to the need for heightened government regulation of carbon-emitting industries and commerce -- which is to say, the entire global economy.
i want to be positive but i also want to be honest
Nearly eight in ten feline owners agree that obesity in our cats is a growing problem, so let's make a stand and make sure that our companions are kept trim and, most importantly, happy !
1-800-477-8191
Designed to tempt every palate, this collection of far-ranging stories seems to include something for everyone-and no one story can accurately indicate the tone or appeal of the others. A skim through Lady Churchill’s Rosebud Wristlet is rather like flipping through the stations on a radio: you’ll find everything from pop music to health advice, and one of those stations is bound to interest you. The main difference is that where one might feel silly for finding a commercial more engrossing than anything else on the radio, this book’s offerings embrace so much, in such a short span of pages, their readers will be too busy paying attention to compare them to anything else.
Sift the flour, unsweetened cocoa powder and kosher salt. Set aside.
I used my new crackle glossy accent stuff to coat the tiny stamps that I used at the top of each banner piece. I really like how it turned out even though it is hard to see in the photos. I also used the tag die-cut and coordinating stamp set "Just the Ticket" from PTI for some of the accents. I had used it in the card I made a post or two down and really wanted to incorporate it into the banner as well. I purchased all of the paper at Hobby Lobby and while it isn't St. Patricksy at all, I really like the feel. I also sewed up a little bench runner to tie everything together which you can see in the photo at the end of the post.
Like, for example, I have this one recurring dream where I have to deal with this retarded dwarf, about the size of a baby, and he's dressed up as the New Year's baby, with a top hat and diapers. And we are watching a movie, and the retarded dwarf baby is constantly annoying me by asking questions throughout the whole movie. He also wants to sit uncomfortably close to me.
2 Samuel 12:19-20 David noticed that his servants were whispering among themselves and he realised that the child was dead. “Is the child dead?” he asked. “Yes,” they replied, ‘HE IS DEAD.” Then David got up from the ground. After he has washed, put on lotions and changed his clothes, he went into the house of the Lord and WORSHIPPED. Then he went to his own house, and at his request they served him food, and he ate.
French Ephemera 2 - Printable collage sheet only
NA: Any plans to do so in the future?
Here’s my little poem “To Ophelia:”
So the other day I happened to hear of a fellow talking about his exploits in World War Two. Among other things, he claimed to have flown a Spitfire fighter off of the USS Wasp (CV-7).
The apartment is unlivable now thanks to the damage from the smoke/soot and the front windows being knocked down by the firemen.
Buy gifts for the wedding party
We just need a spark
Getting over to the Beer Yard to pick up Jack was a traffic horror, getting through NJ was almost as bad, and when I found myself happy to be paying $4.69 a gallon for diesel, I knew things were screwed. As it turned out, I was wrong. The lecture went smoothly, and we also fit in a quick visit to the Gilded Otter brewpub in New Paltz (excellent alt, as always; a bit overly chocolatey to be classic, but not a problem when it comes to good drinking), the Tuthilltown Spirits distillery (more on that in another post...maybe, because I might be able to sell that one -- meanwhile, that's a picture of the stillhouse on the right.), and an excellent -- huge -- German dinner at the Mountain Brauhaus (highly recommended, great German fare and beers). Things got even better when I forced a visit to the Miss Albany Diner for breakfast, one of my top ten breakfast spots, a classic Silk City diner with house-made sausage and a MAD assortment of specialty omelettes and waffles (the Irish whiskey waffle is just nuts).
I’m sorry Rick Santorum but you need to take your perfect nuclear family and find some abandoned missile silo and take up residence there. How dare you challenge and condemn those who choose to live a different life style. Who in the hell are you to make such judgment? Who are you to day what is right and wrong? Didn’t YOUR God reserve that right for himself?
Now, seeing that you agree that ownership can be settled (acquired) through the barrel of a gun (or the tip of a spear), as is the case with white America (and Australia) and black South Africa, why then the moral outcry about Apartheid South Africa? Why is the Law of Conquest allowed for the former but not the latter? In other words, why are white Americans and black South Africans regarded as the rightful owners of 'their' respective countries - even though they had 'stolen' the land by nearly wiping out all the original inhabitants - but white South Africans are seen as illegal 'evil' aliens with absolutely no claim to any ownership whatsoever….even though they had settled vast areas before the blacks did?
I don’t really like other people’s kids.
pour the sauce over the eggplant
Time to take a trip to the Deep South. The cookbook this recipe came from I found in a secondhand book shop in Orlando, and with a title like ‘Putting On The Grits’, how could I not snap it up? The thing I love about this book is it was put together by The Junior League of Columbia, South Carolina and was printed wayyy back in 1985 so you know this won’t be a book you’ll see everyday. If you like southern food, then I’d wager you’d love this book. It’s stuffed with authentic recipes and the nerdy cookbook fanatic in me adores the fact that housewives (I’m not just presuming that women made this book, the back pages have a list of contributors and it’s safe to say 99% of them were women) in the year I was born put together this recipe and now all these years later I’m cooking from it in a town thousands of miles away from Columbia. You read it and you know only Americans could have made this book – there’s a few menu suggestions, ranging from occasions such as ‘Carolina Cup Steeplechase Picnic’, ‘Football Tailgate’, ‘Debutante Brunch’ and ‘Get-to-know-your-neighbours party’. I kid you not. This is just not something that the English really do, and thats part of the reason I love America so much. Generally, in the UK you don’t talk to your neighbours and you don’t say ‘have a nice day’ to everyone you see. If Desperate Housewives has taught me anything, it’s that when someone new moves onto your street you bake them some cookies or a peach cobbler, even if the neighbour turns out to be a serial killer or psychopath. (But I probably shouldn’t judge all Americans by the actions of Bree Van de Kamp). And that’s what this cookbook embodies, Southern hospitality and some delicious cooking.
Red carrot ( Laal gaajar or Delhi Gaajar) -1 (one cup when chopped)
This post is one of a series from professor Nisse Goldberg's Plant Taxonomy students at Jacksonville University. FNPS blogger Laurie Sheldon assisted the students with their initial drafts, providing suggestions for editing and content development.
im sorry im being so shit with this but this week has been a bit crazy!! xxxxxxxx
…your mind says “I must return here”?
The Bartlett yarn is similar to Briggs and Little Regal, with lots of VM (vegetable matter, that is, vegetation that got caught in the sheep’s wool as it was out grazing and doing whatever it is that sheep do) that I picked out as I knit. I don’t mind VM in yarn because it is an indication that the wool has not be over-processed. The yarn from Bartlett is pretty scratchy before it is washed, but it softens a lot after washing. It also blooms a lot when washed. The beanie I knitted on 3.5mm needles looks almost felted since it was washed. I’m glad I used 4.0mm needles for the ribbed hat.
Rondo, who was suspended once during the regular season for his conduct concerning an official, finally spoke to reporters about his ejection from the Celtics’ 83-74 Game 1 loss to the Hawks on Sunday night. He was thrown out of the game for bumping official Mark Davis in the final minute, but has stood by his story that he did not bump him intentionally.
Noah is doing great. He is such a boy, loves to throw rocks and dig in the mud, he will find the only dirt patch in a whole yard of grass and be entertained forever! He has recently learned how to climb out of our back porch. (The back porch is like a little cement rectangle and the walls are probably 3 feet high) Anyways he will get a lawn chair and then stack a stool on top of that and then climb his way right over the wall! Haha, this little man sure keeps us on our toes! He loves reading, watching movies, showing off all his sweet tricks, driving trucks, and playing outside. Finally, he is sleeping in his own bed every night. (granted most of the time by morning he ends up in our bed.. but it's a start!) Potty training came to an abrupt halt when he simply decided he didn't want to go in the potty anymore. He was doing so well and now he won't even think about it. We have tried everything! I guess when he is ready it will happen! Darn! I was hoping for it to be on my time! Let's see... I know I have said this before but he knows all the letters and most of the numbers, we are now working on colors and shapes! He loves animals and the sounds they make. His favorite food is still spaghetti and corn on the cob. He is getting more and more used to the baby talk. We have got most of our baby stuff out and ready and Noah is pretty particular about what is HIS and what is the BABY'S.. haha. Trev tried to give his one of the "baby" blankets and Noah freaked and was like "No No! Baby Baby!" So we gave him his "big boy blanket" and he was a happy camper! It was funny. We just love him so much. We can't get enough of him.
Next came Vera, sorry VERA***, and the analysis of the results from last year's year 3's. The results we were shown related to a group of 12 children, as soon as I heard the sample size I tuned out, what's the point on patting yourself on the back over statistics based on so tiny a sample size, even if they'd combined all 4 year 3 groups they'd struggle to reach a useful sample size, afterall there's lies, damned lies and statistics.
*we talked about our lives now
-once beets are out of the oven, layer vegetables in a mason jar and pour liquid over vegetables
the book explains how we each have an imaginary bucket.
My family has always been first & foremost in my life, making "home keeping" my #1 priority; & even though I am now an empty-nester, it is still my priority. As such, you might guess that this will be the main topic of this blog. I hope to break this down into the following subjects: cooking, cleaning, nurturing, decorating, organizing, gardening & crafting.
(You, too, can be this happy.)
As we were leaving, I took a long look over the cemetery and saw this.
Truly, this book captured me. And that's saying a lot from someone who is a diehard Dean Koonz abnd James Patterson reader.
There’s nothing illegal about saying what you want or what you feel on the internet, barring actual, physical, specific threats on a person. She’s free to spout off any advice she wants. She reminds me of Bill O’Reilly, in fact. She spins a hard “truth” that’s not really all that accurate, in layman’s terms, edgy in her apparent sincerity. She’s playing the internet base like he plays Fox News’ fan base. But you know who has a lot of haters? Bill O’Reilly. It’s part of the game, Heather. So, I guess I would say, “lol, suck it up, you knew what you were signing up for.” And then I could delete it, but I probably won’t.
Loki’s a great character, and different writers have set him against Thor in different ways. Sometimes he’s the grand manipulator. Sometimes he’s the catalyst of disaster. Sometimes he gets his hands dirty and fights. He’s funny and charming, like Milton’s Lucifer, only less predictable. He’s sometimes even a hero. Here he’s as glum as everybody else.
The words broke through.
Often times women struggle with the idea of simply enjoying the hedonistic pleasure of sex without a commitment or the potential for something more significant. Given the way women are raised to feel about physical intimacy it is completely understandable. Women are wired differently. We often need to feel an emotional connection to allow us to be intimate. Men often need intimacy to feel an emotional connection.
Omiyage
Another factor was that over 20 years the average investor had returns of 3.83% while the index did 9.14%.
Edward Norton/Brad Pitt (Fight Club)
Oh, I don't believe it
Rep. Michele Bachmann won the Ames straw poll, but only by 152 votes over fellow Rep. Ron Paul. That is right, Dr. Ron Paul was the original and first seed that actually grew the now Tea Party that has since branched off and also ALIENATED him. Ron Paul is the ONLY Republican that actually stands for the Republican Party's original core values of a FREE society. Today's candidates are mirroring his viewpoints that he had in the past. They certainly are not attacking him so aggressively as they did in the 2008 debates. It should matter to you, as it does me, that he is a true Constitutionalist. His record, for all these years, shows it plainly. We MUST do something about it. I disagree with some things of Ron Paul, but to shake the system up and clean house, this is our best shot to send such a strong message.
Jack told me he would meet me at the top. I am late but he does not come. I stand and the crowd pushes me. The voices whisper and he does not come. I stand as teenagers bundled up against the snowless cold shove flyer after flyer for clubs I will never visit into hands that are not held out and the voices whisper and he does not come. I stand as the Big Issue seller who thinks he is Bob Marley serenades women who do not want to hear with songs about peace and love and the voices whisper and still Jack does not come.
Well I hope you enjoyed and give these awesome techniques a try! Thanks for looking! Be sure to check out the store for most all of the goodies mentioned above! Hugs!
In 2006 he found his graceful stride straight away, helping to reinvigorate the team as we turned the season around in the final months. Then came his career nadir, and Dan Smith’s greatest achievement. A long recovery followed, and during this time the optimism about him started to fade.
I do not forgive her my beautiful, drifting sister Bea. I do not forgive her my first brother Ernest, who was priest in Peru, until he became a lapsed priest in Peru.
Many of Emily Bronte’s poems were written for the fictional world of Gondal, an island that Emily and Anne invented and wrote stories and poems about from children to adults. Sadly, none of the Gondal stories have survived, but Fannie Ratchford has a section in this book where she tries to put together as much about this world has she can using their poems, a short journal fragment, and letters exchanged between Emily and Anne. Ratchford has an outline of the reconstructed epic of Gondal and gives a brief description that makes the heading of the poems make more sense.
Expect to never get your gun back. You may get it back one day but maybe not. Do not buy expensive guns for the street. Buy yourself a nice sporting gun if you want a nice gun. Keep your street guns basic. The factory Model 10 Smith and the GI 45 have done a lot of work over the years and aren't fancy.
Even the remaining 1% of nice, respectful Christian guys aren’t the most reliable when it comes to relationships. And I’m just not one of those girls that needs a guy to feel secure. I go where I want, I do what I want, I say what I want, and I always bring my pepper spray as a backup. I kill cockroaches and spiders in my dorm room without fainting, screaming, or calling security. I actually like to drive, I can open my own doors, and I can even do guy push-ups. I’m quite self-sufficient. Which basically means that, for a guy to be something I actually need and depend on, he’s got to be something pretty special.
Mastery was far less important, because at this point in raiding, hardly ever did anyone in our raids drop low enough for me to gain useful benefit from our Resto Shaman Mastery – Deep Healing.
I just read a blog post in which the author talked about how homeschooling is a lifestyle – it’s not a curriculum or set of courses; it’s your whole life experience. That has definitely proven true for me. I love exploring and learning with my kids, and though I had to alter some of my own life plans to do it, I have no regrets.
Well, I see Terrell has read the Suge Knight handbook on conflict resolution. Terrell's lawyer says they will fight the charges and prove his innocence.
Back to the race. I really was not feeling doing this race and was somewhat worried that I was burnt out on triathlons! But luckily that’s not the case as I had a really fun time; I think I am STILL super tired from producing TriRock. My dad and I drove down to the race site on Saturday morning and for once his wave went off before mine. So I mingled around reconnecting with old friends and chatted about the course and our race strategies. The swim was an out and back in a channel so it should have yielded fast times. NOT SO MUCH. I guess spending all Friday surfing (about 4 hours worth) was not the best way to taper before having to race an oly distance triathlon. Well I came out of the water in 27:43 not fast but not super slow either. I ran through T1 and had to move someone’s stuff out of the way which was a total PIA.
Deploying their usual tactics of innuendo and half truths, they seek to imply that Arthur Kemp was implicated in the killing of the South African Communist party and ANC leader Chris Hani in 1993. In Friday's Guardian, Matthew Taylor, slithers through his article, leaving a slimy trail of hints and implications that Arthur Kemp was ... “suspected of” .... “arrested and questioned” .... “a member of” ... “hiss, spit ...slither” ... etc . All designed to imply that Arthur Kemp was somehow involved in a crime for which he was never charged.
For everlasting Love
“I think so,” I replied.
272 **1. “On the Idea of Justice in Ancient Athens.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January 4, 1996, p. 5, January 11, 1996, p. 7; Hellenic Journal, San Francisco, California, February 6, 1996, pp. 6, 8; The Mediterranean, New York, New York, Spring-Summer 1996, pp. 20-22. (Source: Item D-VI/4/1994, below. Incorporated in Item C-1999(5), above, pp. 599-604.)
The body of one -
3 large handfuls of arugula, wild or otherwise.
Kenneth W: How has been a hot nerd girl made your life better? How has it made it worse?
up to where the pink stops and the black begins is where Dad's clothes overflow starts - obviously where I get my hoarding habits from
The shoot didn't quite turn out as I had envisioned, but due to a certain little non-napping girl I think we did okay.
But in the reality that follows (the week) they usually don’t think on this at all.
This is what I saw on the Palazzo Grassi, the day I handed in the manuscript of Talina in the Tower, a novel that features a greedy vulture called Restaurant, who lives in his ‘stake house’ on a remote island in the Venetian lagoon. The stakes are what he uses to impale his victims, so that he may dine on them at leisure.
In 1993, with complaints about Father Murphy landing on his desk, Archbishop Weakland hired a social worker specializing in treating sexual offenders to evaluate him. After four days of interviews, the social worker said that Father Murphy had admitted his acts, had probably molested about 200 boys and felt no remorse.
1. Pride and Prejudice – Jane Austen *
CEO, CTO & Co-founder, Terrafugia
Besides versatile, pumpkins are an amazing source of vitamins and minerals too.
Worn by Marilyn’s character, Cheri. Emerald green latex with a fish-scale pattern in black. Decorated with gold fringing and 2 spaghetti straps on each shoulder. The bra cups are transparent black.
“His skin is black, but he is Russian inside,” said Mayor Vyacheslav Arakelov. “The way he cares about this place, only a Russian can care.”
What I can tell you is that TUSD has decreed that anything taught from a Mexican American Studies perspective is illegal and must be eliminated immediately. Of course, they have yet to define what that means, but here’s an example of what happened to an essay prompt that I had distributed prior to January 10th.
No, really. It is.
Six weeks go by fast and slow. Sadie keeps us laughing and amazed most of that time. She is talking up a storm, growing like a weed (37.5 inches now), and working on her comedic timing – which is better than mine already.
Here I had been planning, organizing, cooking, and shopping for BIG GIRL EARRINGS…and he wasn’t even sure if we had PLANS!!?? Silently, I kicked myself for falling into this situation once again. I mentally slapped myself, and then slapped myself again for thinking this was more than it was. My head throbbed from the stupidity of the moment…and my ears throbbed from having earrings shoved through them where the holes used to be.
-Lions,
In the end, Goslee was undone by her habit of simply inventing evidence to substantiate Nifong’s claims. A few minutes after she made the bizarre assertion about Reade Seligmann’s DNA quoted in the header, show host Tucker Carlson broke into another segment:
The holidays were spent hosting lots of family, drinking lots of egg nog and consuming lots of xmas cookies. Oh and in the middle of all that my sister introduced me to a little show called Portlandia – OBSESSED.
Two teen delinquents team up to overcome obstacles and attend college despite their lifelong gang leader rivalry.
If you would like to help please leave a comment or email me at workthatwardrobe@googlemail.com
Beside the rivers of Babylon, we sat and wept
Bitterness Units: 32
So the digest version is that crying is a necesity that we all need including babies. Yes, we know this for ourselves (and crazily, I know this about toddlers too!). Crying releases stress hormones which is why having a good cry makes us feel calmer. We have literally released the stress.
“Where?” I repeated, squinting.
a meeting by calling for a volunteer to be the chairman and then send him or her away to clean the toilets. The Golden Bough starts with an overview of ancient ways to get rid of kings when their time is up; find inspiration there.
* "Hard-up Asda lawyers receive payment in first-of-its-kind 'no win, no TV' conditional fee agreement" (Scott Roberts)
The Mail has highlighted the 'fears' of an increase in road accidents when some motorway lights are turned off between the hours of midnight and five in the morning. Turning off some lights is meant to both save the environment and quite a bit of money.
After that it was Lunch. I sat with the usual crew: Catherine, Songtum, Euan, Anna and Rebecca (Jenny was in a Drama exam, Charlotte I don’t know), and we also with Laura :) Catherine was in a very funny mood ;) She had got Songtum’s badminton racket, and was hitting people with it (not hard, just lightly), and knocking Euan and Songtum’s work with it, as well as fanning people. It was, the knocking the word especially, really quite funny :) She seemed even crazier than usual. I’m starting to think she is on something ;) After Lunch me and Catherine went up to Anna’s Biology class with her, as her lesson was cancelled but she still had to sign in, so we went with her for ‘moral support’ ;) That was funny :) Then we went and joined Rebecca, Luca and Songtum in the LRC.
A few years ago, at the invitation of Alessandra Balzer of Balzer + Bray (Harper Collins Children's Books), I joined a table of remarkable young adult writers and advocates in a famed Philadelphia restaurant. Chris Crutcher sat to my left, Patricia McCormick to my right. I was, of course, lucky.
“They shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.”
February 4 - Tura Satana, actress ("Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!"), 76
Your Mommy Friend Lori
This month our group's challenge was to make a tag that represented our favorite winter activity. I hate being cold (and I live in Alberta!) so any winter activity for me involves indoors, fireplace, hot drink, and warm cozy clothes. Although, I do like taking winter photos and I love snow at Christmas but just not the cold temperatures. We have been extremely lucky this winter, breaking records for the warmest winter, and very little snow.... until this week. It has been in the low -30's to almost -40's, that's Celsius not Fahrenheit! At least it's perfect weather for scrapbooking and my favorite winter activity, reading. I read a lot throughout the year, but it's so nice to cuddle up with a good book when it's cold and snowing outside.
But, at the end of the day, the issue that kept nagging at me, was simply that it’s not the way I intended to travel Africa. I wanted to be out, hating life while cramped on local transport, getting stranded on the outskirts of random villages when the minibus breaks down, meeting locals in countries like D.R.C. and Burundi, and basically having adventures and stories I find to be worth retelling. I wanted to be out, riding the 3-4 day train from Dar Es Salaam to Zambia, volunteering with the IAPF (International Anti-Poaching Foundation) in Zimbabwe, and basically, having the freedom to make my own choices. I have never been a fan of the Contiki/Busabout type tours, where a bunch of travellers pile onto a bus and rush through an area, spending 1 night here, 1 there, drunk a lot of the time, and shopping the rest. As someone who has only observed, it appears that, on those tours, you see a place but don’t “see” it, and the overland trucks remind me of that, just with a grittier marketing angle. After all, it’s a truck, not a bus.
Kusama’s exhibit is the largest retrospective collection of her work to date and yet it is still only composed of a small window into her fanatical world. She is a well-received contemporary artist in Japan to this day- having made her name in New York in the 60′s after a twenty year period of slowly building one in Tokyo, she moved back to her homeland following the death of Joseph Cornell who she was very close with. The hall outside of the exhibition has a screen consistently re-screening a 7 minute snippet of a documentary on her modern life. Voluntarily committed to a psychiatric institution: she leaves this abode every day to cross the road and begin work on some more paintings in the studio building opposite. The documentarian believes that while Kusama has definitely had a troubled life she has found the most sane way of coping with it.
Today, I received a handwritten letter from my “father” that twisted things my husband did and/or said during their visit into more than they really were. My husband has many issues, but my mother takes those and balloons them into more than they are. Bottom line, the message of the letter was that my parents are disowning me until I am no longer with my husband.
With the release of Sheriff of the Eternal Law – book two in the Deanna series I thought it was time I shared my definition of Demons as I use them in the books.
Michael Cocks added this comment to Mike Tymn’s post: “Our personal experiences do lead us to try and describe reality in differing ways. On the one hand, there is strong evidence that our individual consciences and points of view survive death of the body. On the other hand, there is strong evidence that we are all connected to each other in the network of the whole in an infinity of ways…. And that makes a slippery place when trying to define things. There is always “on the one hand.. and then the other.” On the one hand, from a mass of interlocking linguistic, historical, and personal evidence, the people talking to Stephen the Martyr were sure we were talking to this “Famous ‘Dead’ Person.” We were impressed with his humility, wisdom… and love. But on the other hand Stephen was insisting that he and we are all each other, and all others, all manifestations of the Source of all things, that he was reminding us of the knowledge we had before we entered our present incarnations. More narrowly though, he said he was talking with us as fellow members of a like minded spiritual group. And yes, on the one hand individual spirits are at all stages of development, and there are destructive spirits; yet on the other hand developed and undeveloped are together in a synchronistic whole.”
Long. She did not FEAR sickness or death.
(redacted)
MW: That’s not true. When I learned that One United Bank was seeking help, I said to Frank that One United is one of your constituents (the bank is headquartered in Frank’s state Massachusetts) so you should take a look at this. He said “you’re right, they are my constituents, stay out of it, I’ll take a look at what One United is requesting.” That was said before the TARP bailout even came into existence.
We always have a hard time choosing our Top 3,
At least, Brulee had heard that others had made homes in those cities, and in smaller towns and villages across Azeroth. She felt no need to leave the Exodar. She had everything she needed here. She was not the only one who read these books. Books came in from around the globe to their library; she was merely providing a service by catagorizing them, one by one, in her free time, aka the time not spent helping to repair the Exodar or otherwise continue to help her people with the rebuilding process of the Exodar.
You and your family will love these. Mr. CC and I had to stop ourselves after two each. We could have finished them all. Give them a try and let me know how they turn out.
Really, I’m very pissed. Not sure I’ve mentioned that.
00000001) There is not a lick of carpeting on the level of our house that contains the laundry room. Cleaning up a flood on a hard tile floor is one thing, but quite another (overturned) kettle of fish when carpet is involved (and by “involved”, I mean mold and its accompanying odor).
April 12, 2012 -- A new study from the Newspaper Association of America (NAA) shows that in an average week, 74% of all Internet users rely on local newspaper media – digital as well as print – as key sources of news and information, and are engaging with their local newspaper across multiple
My Thoughts: This book was incredibley intense. Fallon has written a wonderful set of short stories about life on Fort Hood and in Iraq. There are stories from the point of view of army wives and some from the point of view of the men returning. The stories are heart-breaking, horrifying and some leave you feeling like you have just been punched in the stomach. The stories sucked me in and made me feel like I knew these characters. I liked that, even though this was a set of individual stories, some of the characters from one story would make an appearance in another story. It was interesting to see how all these peoples' lives were intertwined and there was a definite sense of family among the people living on the base. I normally am not a fan of short story collections but this is definitely one of the best books I have read this year. 5 stars.
All you have to do is leave a comment on this blog to be entered. Comments will be open until 9:00pm EST on Friday 5/18. I will choose a winner using random.org and post it here.
The color pictures on today's blog were edited with Overcast action and the B & W were edited with the Ilford preset.
Both ED and I have lost a child through miscarriage, and didn’t feel we could tell the other about it, until this haunting started getting more and more familiar.
Today I faced a huge giant. I didn't conquer it or even shoot a stone at it with my trusty sling-shot but I looked at it for a little while.
Seriously now, 8 years ago I walked into one of the big furniture stores with one purpose. A king size bed with something in a dresser that matched. I ended up with the Godzilla of dresser sets. Oh yeah, I went whole hog. The bedframe, lowboy, highboy and matching nightstand. Oh, how I wish I could talk to that Dharma now….*sob*
* 12th Annual Spring Sale: crafts & flea market, silent auction, 40+ vendors with hand crafted baked goods, jams & preserves, plants, arts and crafts, a variety of new products, previously loved treasures including books, children’s’ toys, sporting goods, kitchen items, home décor, small furniture & appliances, tools…
This past weekend I took Theatric to a local (4 hours away) endurance event (a 30-mile Limited Distance and a 50-mile open) as a small tune up ride. We entered the Limited Distance (30-mile) due to weather conditions - unexpected cold spell with rain, snow flurries (yes, in May!) and 40 degree temps. Theatric's 3/4 brother, Synthetic (ridden by my good friend Melody Blittersdorf - also a nominated WEG contender who has just received her invitation to attend a selection trial as a "Wild Card" invitee) was also at this ride, so Mel and I decided to ride together as a team and let our boys have some fun. Both horses breezed the 30 miles and averaged a nice 10 mph speed over the hills and through the bad weather to finish tied for first place. It's always fun to win - especially with such great team mates. We were able to put the horses up, shower and have lunch before noon! There's something to be said about Limited Distance!
I was in a local retail shop looking for some current repack baseball packs to go along with my 182 Days of Baseball gig. While there, I spotted this little gem of a pack: 2012 Platinum League Self Made. There are six cards in each pack and each pack costs an insane $3.48! Of course, me being the idiot that I am, I bought one. The pack boasts, "A Winner in Every Pack." Guess we'll see what that's all about.
You don't go too fast
The reason we are so fond of them is that we have all USED them extensively, LONG before word processors existed, and are familiar and comfortable with them. Now, do I think that from an aesthetics standpoint that they are the best too? Absolutely not. In fact, I think that as portables go, they are actually less than average looking. Really, I do. But, if I want to or need to type something out, my Tower President is the machine I would go for every single time.
1 Peter 3:18; “For Christ, once, hath also suffered for our sins, the just for the unjust, that He might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened in the Spirit.”
In “Barack Obama’s” resounding, celebrated 2008 Presidential Campaign Slogan – “Yes We Can” – a 21st century, simplified, pop version of gotong royong!
Would sticking to her principles make her happy, if indeed the embryo was some kind of living being? If she decided against the abortion, there would be a heavy and catastrophic fall out.
It was reported some 388 protesters had been arrested as of 9pm at the Bersih 3.0 rally for electoral reforms here yesterday.
Biographyby
I know today is Friday, but last night I got in bed and my husband was watching, 5 yrs. after the Tsunami on TLC
The Royal Navy were working at the scene within four hours. 42 ships were deployed to spray over 10,000 tons of dispersants. Efforts to use foam booms to contain the oil were of limited success due to their fragility in high seas. In an attempt to sink the ship and burn off and break up the oil, the RAF and Royal Navy dropped 62,000lbs of bombs, 5,200 gallons of petrol, 11 rockets and large quantities of napalm onto the ship.
In a nutshell, I was hired, by an English journal, to cover all the fashion events here in Quebec City. The first paragraph explains the rest. A few details, a rue- is a street (rue Saint Joseph is in the lower city of Quebec. The city has been working to restore it.
And then there is Dice-K.
Then yesterday, being a nice day outside, I let the kids go out on the sidewalk to play. When it was time to come in I heard Ele say, "Jack, if you don't get in here, Mama is going to spank your ass!"
Other questions also exist like will Iguodala be a part of the Sixers future plans? Will Elton Brand be as productive as he was last season? What type of impact will Nikola Vucevic have in his rookie season? Can Temple product Lavoy Allen make the team? Should the team use the amnesty clause on Andres Nocioni $6 million contract? Will Jodie Meeks continue to provide a shooting spark? Will Lou Williams continue to thrive as a sixth man?
They started having death day events. I went last year. Dinner conversation was somewhat twisted.
Not!!
Located next to the famous City Lights bookstore, owned by Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Vesuvio is an elaborate dark wood Victorian 2 level bar made famous as a drinking hole for the Beats. It’s a great place to people-watch and imagine times gone by when it was frequented by these bohemian literary types. We drank Sierra Nevada on draft, and Lagunitas IPA from a bottle, 5.7&. Lagunitas brewery is based in Petaluma, California, where we somehow ended up after getting lost on Highway 1 (how can you get lost on Highway 1?! That’s another story). I wanted to try Lagunitas IPA as I heard that it was brewed with about 43 varieties of hops. I think the brewery are probably messing with us when they say that, but who am I to say? It was certainly hoppy but I got a hint of pear which I didn’t enjoy too much, so it wasn’t my favourite beer. It may have tasted different if I had managed to get it on tap.
How has your reading week been. What's your favourite book from March?
The diet… is another story.
married: 4/21/1812
Rickey was crossing a street when he was 13, and saw a man who had been killed while he stumbled across the street in a drunken stupor, shrouded by a blood-stained sheet, surrounded by police and onlookers. As he craned his neck to see better, his mother pulled him away, saying “You don’t need to see that”. When he got home, he found out on the evening news that the man was his father. Rickey’s mother had asked his father’s boss, a few years before, to give her the checks, since her husband was drinking away all the money. He complied, and eventually the two of them moved in together, breaking up his marriage. When Rickey’s mother later moved to an apartment, then moved out again, Rickey stayed put, got a job at age 16, and encouraged his girlfriend to move in with him. The landlord said he was a Christian and did not want Rickey living with a girl he was not married to, so Rickey asked her to marry him, and they began life together. He was initially touched and influenced by his praying, church-going mother-in-law, who was part of an intact and loving family. It was only a few months, however, before Rickey’s in-laws’ family crumbled as his wife’s mother moved out with another woman. This was to be the pattern set in Rickey’s life: when he was influenced by the Gospel, the failures of men tore his faith down again.
If you finish another assignment early, you can then go back and fix any problems with your other assignments.
If you want confirmation of how Kianna responded to my praying mantis stories, Grammy and Kishia can verify: Kianna laughed. Her eyes sparkled as she looked into mine during the natural history lesson.
I really don't know if it's the season to blame or the expectations we put upon ourselves. But here's a newsflash. There is no such thing as a perfect life on earth. But I do believe you can improve your given situation 10 fold with a slightly different outlook.
What is the easiest thing you've ever grown?
Alexandre Antonio Tombini, who was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a banking conference in Mumbai, said economic growth would be close 3 percent in 2011.
“Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona; for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.”
Finally the dog was once more settled in the car.
Today the church celebrated the call of a new pastor
By the time I got her from Point A to Point B,
If you’re a gay person travelling through Spain there are few words you need to know. The first is: Ambiente. Literally translated to English that word means environment/atmosphere, but as gay slang, it means: A place with some gay atmosphere, girl! Well, it means anything gay, person, place or thing. If it’s from the environment, it’s gay.
You are my heaven.
Here are a few before pictures. Notice the wallpaper....yeah...it is G~O~N~E!!!!!
5 3/4″ Ice Cream Shift – High Speed, Max Pressure, Multi Cut for Felt.
When the door opened and her father walked in , Bonnie knew the hour had come. She hugged and kissed her parents and gave her sister a weak smile but no intimacy passed between them. Amid her Mom’s questions and attempts at conversation, Bonnie asked Evie to come into her room upstairs. Long story short, she broke it down to her about the weekend with her husband, and although she was sorry she had hurt her, she wanted to leave with a clear conscience. Well, Evelyn Yvette wasn’t about to let it go that easily. She hit Bonnie smack dab in the face, and Bonnie hit her back. After that it was punch for punch and lick for lick. A real knockdown drag out cat fight. Their parents came up and broke up the fight, sat them down and tried to understand what had caused this.
While, thanks to advertisement and media, it would be oh so convenient to slip back into the ways of my childhood. I know too much about the perils of poor eating habits and do better at picking and choosing my less healthy food choices rather partaking in the across the board, flat out, preservative fests that are still so available in the middle aisles of my local grocer or the fast food chain around the corner. Not to mention dealing with crazy pregnancy cravings.
Ever been stuck with leftover rice? Nowadays, they usually go to the chickens, but today I made kugel from some leftover rice:
The fastest twitch and strongest MU’s are not called upon to lift the weight at all.
Jesus returns to the Galaxy’s Greatest Comic for the first time in more than a decade with his art on this Tale, 'Birth of Mazzikim', which appears in 2000 AD prog 1737 – available now from all good newsagents and comic shops.
Some years we have celebrated Easter with a big lamb roast - not just a leg of lamb, but a WHOLE lamb turning on a spit in the backyard. You know if you are doing the whole lamb you will fill the house with friends and family and throw in a little souvlaki, tzatziki, pita, spanakopita, tiropita, feta, Greek potatoes, Greek salad, etc., for good measure.
Early church teachings also held that very few people of color could make it to the Celestial Kingdom, and of those few that did, they would be servants to the whites.
Since then I've returned to the house to get my art stuff - the last remaining belongings of mine. I nearly got thrown out of the house. Big row about the cars etc, since the new car is in my name and he wanted me to sign it over to him or get out of the house. I told him I wouldn't sign a thing until he signed his car over to me and then I marched in. But we got it sorted in the end. I brought the car documents with me and off I went. And as I walked away I told him he'll be seeing N on my terms now.
VENUS IN BROAD DAYLIGHT: The brightest planet in the solar system is reaching its peak luminosity. On April 30th, Venus will shine at astronomical magnitude -4.7. That’s 190 times brighter than a 1st magnitude star, bright enough to see in broad daylight if your eye lands right on it…LINK
She is going to see Dr. Ginny tomorrow for her 6 month check up so I'll post about those stats and add her 6 month pictures then.
(Paulo Sergio Valle, Máriozinho Rocha, Marcos Valle)
So very nice lady with the glasses, if by reading my article you have ended up here, then you may remember the strange bloke sitting in front of you staring in your direction like he had just seen a baby elephant hatch out of your head. That was me. I’m so sorry if I freaked you out. I wasn’t trying to sex you up or anything. I was just happy to see what you were reading.
To fill in the gaps in the mystery about just who this old rock and roller really was, stories emerged around George. Fact and fiction became part of the mystique.
would you like a taste baby
to get the 'playing live' thing out of my system.
No player on the Dodgers picked the number up for a decade. Understandably. But in 1954, a courageous soul stepped forward to don 27.
Most writers sooner or later reach a state when they feel that they no longer have anything worth saying. Verbal semi-paralysis ensues. It used to be called "writer's block," although the term became something of a joke and is no longer used much. But the phenomenon remains.
Close up, the weave of the sweater becomes a big, blue field of abstraction.
OR: High resolution pictures of cottages.
Ha..
Maltezou HC, Drancourt M. Nosocomial influenza in children. J Hosp Infect 2003; 55: 83-91.
I walk in high yellow boots. Deliberate
On Radha Krishnan’s refusal,Jayendra Saraswati was reported to have hired Dadas to attack Radha Krishnan,
Oil - 2 spoons
Because she completely puts me to shame, I asked Jill a few questions about writing, editing, and finding balance.
The Meeerkat Harborough road sign erected in town as part of a publicity stunt had to be taken down early after it emerged it had been put up without permission. ...
but the truth of the matter
The attackers were still present when they arrived, but fled when shots were exchanged
I say all these guys are full of number two and are hoping for a movie or TV deal. I see how many of them offer seminars and courses for money, from O’Finiaon to Steven Greer to Richard Hoagland, hocking their books and DVDs and self-help material, and O’Finioan and his wife even offer a psychic service!
* If your Little Diva wins one of the two Cover Model spots, you agree to submit at least 5-7 high resolution photographs to Little Diva Tutus within TWO (2) WEEKS of receiving your Little Diva Tutus outfit or dress. Since these photos will be used on the front page of our website NO watermarks may appear on the photos. Photo credit and a website link will be given on the front page of the website!
Why you ask? Well today is Monique's Birthday and my Wedding Anniversary of 20 years.......
Well, I chose the "texture it" challenge. I LOVE texture. I added texture with my hand-dyed seam binding, the brad, and my sewing machine. I always seem to use my Making Memories distressing tool for texture so I stayed away from it this time. LOL! The ODBD stamp set I used is called Peace & Joy. And to get my brad the exact color I wanted, I used my Copic marker to color the "bling." Works perfectly! Papers: Basic Grey Jovial, Paper Trey Ink cs
But to forgive doesn’t mean that I forget. I still remember, and still feel terrible remorse. It’s a very difficult emotion to explain; remorse without a dread of retribution. It’s simply me hating who I’ve been, and perhaps somehow feeling that I haven’t changed as much as I would like. I can still look at the worst version of myself, and know that this is how I am remembered. That he is still me.
Recently, my media writing students wrote short scripts for me, and the major problem they had was differentiating between “action” and “narration”. In a novel, it might be perfectly OK to write the following: Sarah’s tears continued to fall as she thought about the death of her brother and the evil bastards who took his life without a care for the ones left behind. In a novel, that’s narration. In a screenplay, this type of writing is not VISUAL. We couldn’t, as moviegoers, know Sarah’s thoughts or know this is why she’s crying. That knowledge would have to be conveyed either through action or through dialogue.
According to the label for this painting, there are 13 different versions around the theme of this painting. In this case, the biblical story is transposed to a village when the tax had to be paid.
“We’ve been facing really enormous pressure for five or six weeks now,” Chalghoumi told reporters before Friday prayers. “We want peace, we want calm. These people aren’t welcome here.”
The first programme was a Strategic Radio Management Training Course which ran from the 5th to the 9th October 2009 and included more than 10 radio stations from around the country. The aim of the course was to develop strategic radio and programming management for both community and commercial radio stations.
I have been to many of the California Missions, but this trip was the first time to Mission Santa Barbara. In fact my first trip to actually stop in Santa Barbara. I had been through SB many times on the way north and south, but never had actually stopped to see the town or mission.
(it’s sort of like their version of Thanksgiving, but I discovered later
"I see," I managed a trifle weakly. "And where does -- er -- Chief Rain-in-the-Face come in?"
This week it is my turn to host and I have chosen the theme 'Favourite Things', so all you need to do is add one or more of your favourite things to your creations. The DT have made some gorgeous cards for your inspiration so if you could drop by and give them some love I am sure it would be appreciated.
Hop: Directed by Tim Hill; Starring Russell Brand, James Marsden
Dear World,
jeweled casket of unshaped gold.
The black replacements for those 9,000 qualified white water-engineers were so uneducated that the Water Research Commission had to create a cartoon-like manual to teach sewage-plant operators with SYMBOLS instead of in writing, showing them how to carry out tests to establish clean-water safety levels…
Yeah, that’s right. It’s the same exact word.
83. Weekly grocery shop
Fruit Chaat / Tropical Summer Fruit Salad
Glyder are back with possibly their strongest set of songs to date on ‘Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow’ (SPV) which includes a guest spot from Y&T’s Dave Menketti. They have used keyboards more for the first time which has greatly enhanced their sound. Fellow SPV stablemates Stormzone’s new album is a real hark back to the NWOBHM and may put off those expecting an AOR/melodic rock treat like their debut album was. But it is still a damn fine album and doubtless will win the band a whole new set of fans.
revolution of 1789, polemicists such as the Catholic priest, Abbé
The 25-year-old covers the magazine’s issue #71, which has been dubbed the “Asian Issue”. The edition will be devoted to celebrating Asian beauty by having high profile Asian models dominate the magazine’s editorial shoots. Gaga will also debut her highly anticipated fashion/art column in the issue.
I haven’t shopped like Bean and I shopped on Saturday in a long time. We left the house at 12 and didn’t get home until 7:30. We made a pact before we ever left the house that this shopping trip was not going to end in tears, temper tantrums, or grumpy moods. There were a few times that I thought we might be at risk for breaking our promise but we came out of each shop just fine and pretty happy despite our disappointments.
Later I dry hopped the beer with 1 oz whole EKG in the primary carboy after fermentation had completed. This did little aside from contribute a lot of hop particulates that made it into the bottles and float around like they are in a snow globe when poured. The hops floated on top and didn't seem to get submerged very far into the beer.
"Put yourself in the position of Tecumseh of the Shawnee. How would you feel about white immigration to the Americas?"
Really, where do all these Empowered allies come from! Again, not the best Empowered ally out there with only 2 ATK but it does have 4 health. That and the fact that you can play Shanla to get rid of some abilities (if your opponent plays abilities of course, which does happen a lot in Drafts).
Couples will be deterred from marrying or cohabiting and there will be a greater risk of fraud in the benefits system, which already costs the country £1.8billion a year, it said.
Overall I'm just pretty excited. I'd been saving my money for a new dining set and this came along at the right time. We needed to clean out Dirk's grandmother's house and no one else in the family had a use for this. And did you know, it's actually not that expensive to have furniture re-upholstered? I looked at new dining sets for a couple years, waiting for the "right" one and I was going to spend at least $1000 for something, more if I want it to be nice. I'm getting these chairs redone for much less than that!
Salads, bread, pasta, and other such foods. They are much too polygonal, and not at all likely to lead to a well-rounded diet.
The dumb asses get to the cabin and it turns out to Bunnyman’s place and now we’ve got a rip-off of every backwoods torture slasher film going but we don’t see the deaths on-screen they are just implied with blood. There’s a terrible rape scene with Bunnyman’s pet hunchback dry humping one of the women but it’s as unconvincing as the death scenes.
I'm crushed. That's what happens when you wait. )c:
Did Brodhead see the lacrosse players as sociopaths? This cultural reference suggests an astonishingly negative view of the two students who had just been indicted. Or perhaps the president was merely asking his colleagues about the previous night's schedule on HBO.
Gold: Highland Courage, Rock Bottom Breweries, Louisville, CO
1/2 ounce lemon juice
I know I keep posting that I will blog more, but things have been hectic and I feel like I'm not writting like myself lately. Hopefully I get myself back in all of this.
If you love cheese, this is THE mac and cheese for you. V and Neighbor Girl just about swooned over the taste. There is a very high ratio of cheese to pasta which is what makes it so rich and delicious. I served the mac and cheese with a beet and arugula salad, and chickpea cutlets for a complete dinner.
How do you store/sort your magazines? Maybe you had a brilliant storage solution for another area of your home? How many subscriptions do you have? What’s your favorite read?
I wouldn’t necessarily recommend dining here unless you’re stuck in the area and can’t be bothered venturing too far. We would never go and pay full price…. and if you do want to catch that fire show make sure you book early… or just stay downstairs with the punters!
Pooh's primal goal is to calm his rumbly tumbly. Being that he is a character meant for young children, this is an appropriate goal for that audience. Even an oblivious newborn can relate to hunger. But something like love? It's not quite so cut-and-dry. Hunger is what makes Pooh an instantly alive character we want to succeed.
Unofficial total: 918 matches 1468 goals
Specialist Smith
There are a lot of horror RPGs out there and around this time of year is when all the GMs out there start breaking them out. I’ve run more than a few in my day (I ran a whole Ravenloft campaign way back in the day), and I’ve had my mix of successes and failures. By success, of course, I mean the games were actively freaky and frightening. By ‘failure’, I mean everybody merely had the same good time they had during all other RPGs. That’s okay and everything, but let’s face it–if you’re playing or running Call of Cthulhu, you intend for it to be a frightening/thrilling experience.
series 2 (133-263)
Not too surprising, but David Elkington has popped up again on Facebook to briefly attempt to stoke the fires of interest in his codices. He posted a series of articles about political unrest in Jordan. Someone asked how the situation would affect the codices and he responded with this:
Chest pain related to the chest wall: There are various conditions that can cause the muscles, bones, skin and soft tissues of the chest wall to become painful.
The flavonoids in the cocoa act as antioxidants which protects the body from aging due to the daily expose to free radicals, which can cause heart disease.
KP is joined, once again, by Jon Gus as we catch up on some recent TV news including more on Ryan Seacrest, some more show renewals and cancellations including a decision on Fringe, May Sweeps stuff, SNL hosts and
Rewrites and Revisions: How much did you have to do throughout the writing of DAWN OF THE DEMONTIDE?
Thanks ever so muchly – we really do appreciate it xxx
This is what I want. What I seek in the coming days.
Lying on my chest, falling fast asleep while I sing
Cant wait to see what you come up with
Stalking upon the mountains, and sometimes a Whale, I lash
Here’s what I did instead:
Botswana is one of the least corrupt nations ON EARTH! How's that for a shocker. Truly wish some dynamic political leader could seize the success stories of Progressive Socialism in action and make a society away from what we're heading to. Crime and criminals who get deceived into such lives due to their economic circumstances become our problem in this United States of Capitalist South Africa, where we're too short sighted to realise the damage of selfishness.
1 mixed
Well, this is what Silverstein does – making you think you too can do it! Though, there is no telling what happens thereafter:
Outburst: Ex-miner Ronnie Campbell MP described the Queen as a ‘fifth generation German’
This is quite a rich and heavy thing to eat. I was defeated by ONE slice. Lighten it up with plenty of fresh fruit.
Angie: North American Woods
Having control over your own mind and body.
“Oh?”
Any thought of this nature is only a pipe dream. Not everything is free in this world, not even water, clean air and nature’s abundance of crops.
Because these girls are freaking so much fun.
2059.***E-IX/1/1998. On aerial acrobatics over urban areas. Chicago Sun-Times, p. 22. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-3.)
What is your timeline/budget? Many people think we designers just sit around all day cleaning our hipster glasses and discussing how much better we are than the common folk, but design takes a lot of time and energy. Nine times out of ten, the more time (within reason, of course) a designer gets to spend with your book cover, the better it will be.
This shit is a huge waste of time.
Worth remembering.
Tom Wroblewski, the president of Machinists Union District Lodge 751 in Seattle, praised the work of the Everett Machinists and congratulated them on the award.
8:02
Naturally she turned and left.
draft
LleMoyne sized him up and said “I can handle him.”
If you're interested in some thoughts on Andy's brewing, thoughts on pretty much every style of beer you could imagine or just how I'm managing to keep up another blog over Christmas when clearly there's a fuck load of work to be done at the bar and even more boozing in-between then hop on over to Partizan's Advent...
Travel doesn’t come cheap. Yes, there may be discounted airfare or accommodation but these types of offers are either last minute or you need to book way back in advance.
Operating System
Nominated, César Awards 2003 – Best Sup. Actor (Jamel Debbouze)
The year will bring more posts,
You are the most amazing man I know. You love me fully, you make me laugh daily, you smooth out my rough edges. And even after 4 1/2 years together, I still see Jesus in you more than anyone else I know. I am wildly in love with you.
“Well, ask him about music, or something. Your area of expertise, no?”
While we were out looking, we found a lot of discouraging properties. Homes with damaged roofs and siding, homes with super scary basements (un-finished and un-fit to live in), homes without garages, homes without backyards and homes that felt like a fun house as you were walking through.
Santo is the sixth year-round beer from Saint Arnold. It joins Saint Arnold Amber Ale, Saint Arnold Brown Ale, Saint Arnold Elissa IPA, Saint Arnold Fancy Lawnmower Beer and Saint Arnold Weedwacker in the regular lineup.
~Revlon Photoready foundation in 002 Vanilla
A common Republican complaint to me these days is that Democrats don’t get anything accomplished even if they are in the majority. Conservatives refused to admit that the new majority in the Senate is 60 votes. That number 60 came into play during the past few days when Republicans filibustered against judicial nominee, Goodwin Liu, for the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. In some worlds, a 52-43 would be a majority to accept Liu’s nomination, the filibuster means the Liu loses. The vote was along party lines except for two senators: Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) voted against the filibuster; Sen. Ben Nelson (D-NE) voted for the filibuster.
The Oxygen Chanel plans to cancel "The World According to Paris". I'm not holding my breath.
Basic Grey's Hopscotch collection papers
skirt drops
But what kind of literature is FB? In terms of subject and interest it is as wide as the world of books and letters, as wide as the world of any human contact. In its means and manners it is more informal, generally briefer and snappier than the letter. It is not an essay but a series of remarks that can be honed to a delightful or at least honourable precision. It can address politics and make jokes. It can share music, films, and other interests.
It's not the strange way you contacted me 4 years later, 4 months before I got married, wanting to "just hang out sometime" and "exchange mix cds".
WAIT! HALT! There I go with the pommy stuff again! No more, I promise.
wants to soak up every ounce of holiday cheer . . . even two days after valentine's day! ;)
I have not yet received my Welcome email. According to the Pottermore Insider they will be letting in a “very small number of people onto the website” at first. But they will continue to be activating accounts for the next few weeks.
It has been a terribly long time since I had played along with the Bellarific Friday Challenges. I had also gotten a new stash of those Uptown Girls, and they were just begging for ink!
Jonas is a hand washer but he also believes that touching things again can neutralise things:
Ian Truman
Since everything was free, I decided to take a chance on my third free comic and go with one outside my usual reading zone. So....I picked up a Spider-man comic. Yup. Ok, this isn't a total wild card pick because it is written by Cullen Bunn of, wait for it, The Sixth Gun fame. Chances are I wont love it, but it'll make for some entertaining bathroom reading.
Now on to the article. This is the list that a woman made for her sons of life lessons she deemed important. I have to say I totally agree. The author has asked me to remove the article from my blog, but you can read her article via.
Q: Sir, several news organizations have reported about a program that allows the administration to look into the bank records of certain suspected terrorists. My questions are twofold: One, why have you not gone to Congress to ask for authorization for this program, five years after it started? And two, with respect, if neither the courts, nor the legislature is allowed to know about these programs, how can you feel confident the checks and balances system works?
I’m on the floor. I feel it now. A dark wave of icy water running through my body.
Now that Christmas is in it's last hours .. I've already started thinking about what to paint next - large canvases! The past couple of weeks I've painted some 6x6 and 8x8 canvas, but I'm itching to paint a larger piece...so I'm breaking out my large canvases and I'm excited to see what comes of it.
I'm off to experience Friday (and this beautiful March weather)! I pray you have a joy-filled Friday too!
Gggg: I believe there must be something important buried in the Dataran Merdeka - otherwise there is no logic in protecting an empty field with such brutality.
We took Oscar to the amusement arcade yesterday. This was after ruling out his first choice, which was "Somerfield". On the way in the car I asked him what he'd been doing at his little pre-school class. He touched a little bruise on his cheek and said: "Oscar fell over". I asked him what he'd been doing when he fell. "Running." I persevered - what had he been playing with when he was running: "a chain saw". "A CHAIN SAW?" "No," he said giving his answer syllable by syllable for his silly grandma, "a DIN - O - SAUR". After a couple of seconds thought he added: "what is a chain saw?" I changed the subject.
AU: The cover focuses on the romantic aspect of the book, but also does implicate quite strongly that there is a Greek mythological twist to this story. The lightning also goes really well with the book, which becomes apparent when you read it.
In attendance: Samantha, Brian, Jared, Clint, Nicole, Doni, Randy, Nicole D. (complete with ample photos of Marcus who is now a chubby gorgeous 6 months old) and of course, me.
Of course, I wouldn't trade mine, or our nursing relationship, for the world.
In short, by giving women farmers access to training, capital, and technology, PALMS has given them more power, control and influence in their community –and enabled them to improve the economy of the entire country. And from atop a tractor, the future always looks brighter.
June 8th, 1910
The Mumbai High Court judge harps, time and again, on how sound recording companies (that have acquired the license from owners of underlying works such as lyricists and music composers to create the sound recording) need not repeatedly ask for licenses from underlying artists each time they sell a CD containing the copyrighted recording. And therefore it must logically follow that they need not do the same any time a song is broadcast (on FM channel or otherwise).
Anyone else have babies obsessed with something strange like brooms and vacuums? I'd love to hear about it!
While out walking the dog the other evening I noticed a freshly grated dirt path leading into the woods. Curious, I took the path to see what was going on and where it went.
we had:
Priorities are another big issue. Problem is, these change too. Which horse is a priority? Which one takes more work? Do I start with the easy ones or the horse that will be more time consuming? The easy horse will make more progress in a shorter amount of time and I can go do stuff with them, while the slower learner is going to take longer to bring along, but once they figure things out- it's set for life.
1 contours
But first: some background on Jamaat ul-Fuqra. The group was founded in New York by Sheikh Gilani in New York in 1980. Its current headquarters is in Hancock, New York, and it has various compounds, or Jamaats, scattered throughout the United States and Canada, notably in Colorado, New York, Tennessee, Georgia, and Virginia. Most of the adherents are reported to be American-born Black Muslims who follow a strict Islamist ideology.
The designer paper is from Treasures by Shabby Chic and I'm assuming that the stamp and paper roses are as well.The dollar items were the dp, stamp and the paper roses.
I love to read YA Paranormal stories (if you haven't figured that out yet, lol). Lucky for me, the ebook world seems to be jammed packed with fantastic, young adult, paranormal writers. My new goal for my blog is to feature a new and wonderful read by YA indie paranormal authors that I love each week. Some of these authors I have have never met, some I have had to pleasure to chat with on the internet and some I have had the pleasure to meet in person.
~ A.A. Milne, “Furry Bear”
People Before Profit Alliance will begin their campaign for “NO” vote today outlining what result each vote will cause for the citizens of this Country.
There's no penalty to drop!
Quote from a movie or TV show: I'll be back!
10/18 – Java Jazz – Houston, TX
And with this said we need to find a winner from last weeks Easter Challenge. Mr Random has done his work and found a winner! That would be entry no 95! KBrandy4! Congratulations to you!
I worked with a guy who in the mid-nineties once claimed hush-hushedly to have structured a big series of "repair bonds" for the Olympus Corporation. He was not boasting, but trying to help. For this was interesting to me for no other reason than I was managing a reasonably-sized long-short book primarily in Japan, and such information hitherto was (except for precious few) completely unknown to the market. It was concurrent to the exposition that many Japanese companies had such liabilities, yet the analysts I queried about the possibility of such liabilities at Olympus laughed it off with incredulity, as they cheered the stock higher with estimate upgrades and near-ubiquitous buy recommendations.
All of which made Fancy, her last single of 1969, seem more than a little autobigraphical: "Just be nice to the gentlemen, Fancy, and they'll be nice to you." Produced by Rick Hall at Muscle Shoals, it made the US Top 40 but felt bigger. Reba McEntire scored hugely with it in 1991, and apparently the film rights have since been doing the rounds for the story of a girl who "might have been born just plain white trash but Fancy was my name ... and I ain't done bad." Bobbie certainly hadn't. With the smarts as well as the sass, she set up her own publishing company, Super Darlin Publishing, and television production, Gentry Limited. Her purchase of a percentage of The Phoenix Suns basketball team in 1969, as well as vast tracks of land in California, made her a wealthy woman. Somehow, she also found time to record a stack of songs that remained unreleased, including Show Off, Donovan's Skipalong Sam, and the exquisite Smoke, unavailable until recently and all recommended.
Kaisercraft Script Clear Stamp
and wearing christmas clothes . . .
The SRS is a 65-item questionaire most often filled out by parents or teachers, whose ratings classify children according to "severity of autistic symptomology." Higher scores, above an established threshold, indicate greater autism "severity," and are therefore considered worse.
Can I cross my toes in my dress shoes?
Couldn’t be sure if it was Amy or Mary he was screwing from the angle, not that it mattered much either way. Certainly wasn’t Mrs Cupcake and she definitely wasn’t old enough for a knee-wobbler behind an oak tree with an older guy.
After the parade, head over to Westport, where you’ll find some of the best post-parade drinking and partying establishments in town.
and Paul Tiessen, Wilfred Laurier University
The only problem: None of this is true either. Yes, Andrew Carnegie was a follower of Herbert Spencer and lots of people referenced “natural law” (though rarely as a reference to Darwinian evolution). But for the most part the captains of industry couldn’t care less about this stuff. As Robert Bannister and Irwin Wylie (and more recently Princeton intellectual historian Thomas Leonard) have painstakingly documented, the captains of industry in the 19th century were not particularly influenced by, or even aware of, Darwin and Spencer. This shouldn’t surprise anybody. “Gilded Age businessmen were not sufficiently bookish, or sufficiently well educated, to keep up with the changing world of ideas,” writes Wylie. “As late as 1900, 84 percent of the businessmen listed in Who’s Who in America had not been educated beyond high school.”
‘Mr Dale, a British humanitarian worker, was kidnapped in January this year. Since then tireless efforts have been under way to secure his release, and the British Government has worked closely with the Red Cross throughout.
Our fabulous team have put together some gorgeous examples of what I am looking for so have a look and hope that it inspires you in the right direction.
Tips to help them stretch a little further, how to layer, ways to make them pop fom your lay outs.
No wonder he's smiling. I'd be laughing in his shoes.
Fake clay pot: $0.50 (2 for $1)
Though our sins are forgiven by absolution, there commonly remains some temporal punishemnt to be undergone either here or in Purgatory. Holy Mass, if well made use of, is abundant satisfaction to the Divine Justice for our debts, though ever so great. What a comfort ought this to be to those who, by reason of their natural constitution, are not able to practice many or great austerities; and what return should we make to our Saviour for the same.
Things you Enjoy...
* these timings depend on nature and content of the comments received from this letter.
Orange County, California – Two Brothers Racing has unleashed hidden horsepower and torque in the 2012 Yamaha FZ6R with its V.A.L.E. 4-­‐2-­‐1 Complete Exhaust System. Simply replacing the restrictive stock exhaust system with this Absolute Top LevelTM full system gave the FZ6R an additional 5.3 horsepower at 9400 RPM and a peak increase of 3.8 horsepower. Additionally the torque has been bumped up 4.2 ft-­‐lbs in the midrange, while producing 2.8 ft-­‐lbs at the peak of the torque curve.
Yes, there are days when I feel so overwhelmingly alone, that I don’t know how I could possibly live a “full life.” What if I spend my life by myself? If that is the case, what a miserable experience that would be; I can’t live with my parents forever, and I can’t hide in a foreign country for the rest of my life.
Either way, it's a very tasty snack, heavy on the oily side, but nonetheless, to-die-for!
Editor: “Oy, designer – Vroom Vroom!?”
A person can't claim to "teach" something by standing idly by and hoping that a "lesson" is absorbed passively. It's the same reason that abstinence-only sex education does not work; by avoiding the topic, children don't receive any factual information. The only way to ensure that our children learn right from wrong is to teach them, and teaching requires frank discussions and conversations.
so i played...and created..
The first half of the film details the problem posed by Naritsugu and sets up the question of how Shinzaemon, will make his move, what stands in his way and who he will recruit as the twelve other assassins. When Shinzaemon does make his move, it is spectacular.
The reason I am sharing that little story is this: It made me realize that what was blocking me from my goal was not a insurmountable physical impediment, but a simple mental shift. I am bringing the high box jump into my art and my life. Some of us never realize that we have a second wind (myself included). I am forcing myself to mentally push past some of the limits that I have reasoned out so carefully, and I hope that you will too.
As soon as I saw them peel off their shirts and pants, I was fully awake and alert. I paid more attention to the hotter of the two. I should also note that the beds were bunk beds, and I was on the lower bunk of mine and they were standing next to their bunk adjacent to mine, which was basically perfectly bulge observation level.
Flowers / gems / silver corner charm are Wild Orchid Crafts.
But something has to change. Sunday mornings are still the most segregated hours in America. We can’t even pray together with people who are different from us, much less be good neighbors. And I have it easier than most: they are my literal neighbors. Most of us have taken life paths that have led us to places where our neighbors tend to look exactly like us. But proximity isn’t everything, of course. Moving in does nothing, if you have not love.
Stamp is Bunnies in Love from Liliofthevalley
Daughter loves horseriding. It's her favourite thing in the whole wide world. She's been having lessons every week for about two years now and it's very slow progress, but today she took part in her first ever horseriding competition. She did a dressage test.
handshake and goodbye.
"There is one most high Creator Almighty, and a powerful king, and greatly to be feared, who sitteth upon his throne, and is the God of dominion."
The foregoing study fell into the well-known mould of correlating pencil-and-paper personality measures. This alone will obviously not suffice. We also want to know whether our new personality measure (the moralism scale) is related to actual behaviour of a politically radical kind. By reason of its topicality at the time of writing, the particular behaviour selected for examination centred around the anti-apartheid movement. It was desired to ascertain whether moralism was especially high among anti-apartheid demonstrators. If this could be shown to be so, it would provide some encouragement to the view that moralism is one of the causes of anti-apartheid demonstrating.
“Manmade earthquakes trigger government drill-down into possible fracking link”:
Djinni
This post from the Market My Words blog was just too hilarious not to share. After all, we all need a good laugh when it comes to the touchy subject of rejection. Who knew that getting a rejection was akin to the world of dating?
A rose smells so sweet in the summer. When I get home from Baba and Pappy's house, I'll give you a kiss.
All the Heritage Chromes that I grabbed turned out to be refractors #'d/559, an added bonus! The Barajas will stay here as part of the Jays collection (of course), and if anyone is interested in the Miles, Beato or Morrow cards, just let me know.
She’s no longer in pain.
It's an outcome that would have to be employed with some care. Not every player is a secret (or not-so-secret) furry, not every player is going to enjoy waking up as a talking badger. But for those who swing that way, it could be fun, until the novelty wears off.
by which I mean we should means testing Medicare
Email: if your email has a different name attached to it than the one in the email, that sometimes triggers spam filters. Make a new email address with your name on it and use it solely for queries. Be sure to disable any ‘pingback’ emails that say that you don’t allow unapproved email and that we need to fill out a form.
“I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending,’ saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.” Revelation 1:8
“Calm down.” He glanced at her and then back at the hooded man. “Lower the knife and come peacefully.”
You will never love anyone the way you loved me.
Barbara Fletcher (Con) 518
This study looked specifically at belly fat to see if it was a risk factor for people who were not otherwise considered overweight. The study examined 6,583 Kaiser Permanente health care plan members between the ages of 40 and 45 who had their abdominal fat measured in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The researchers recently followed up to see what happened when these same people reached their 70s and beyond.
Folding Chairs & Dollies
Conference:
on falling stars
NISHI K, MIZUGUCHI M, UEDA A. Effectiveness of influenza vaccine in health-care workers. Kansenshogaku Zasshi - Journal of the Japanese Association for Infectious Diseases 2001; 75: 851-855.
However, if the move is paid for by holding down the higher rate tax allowance – currently just under £43,000 – more people will be pulled into the upper band as a result.
Who dares put Britain's regiments to the sword?
and I will take the kids and oh yes
She passed away this weekend.
and one misappropriation of the chain
She confesses to thinking of The Statue of Liberty as her long distance lover, has visited her four times to caress and kiss her and calls her Libby.
“And may you grow strong
1,000 little sacrifices no one will ever see and no one needs to know about. Credit and glory are not things you need when love is unconditional.
"Asheville and Philly are leading our short list of sites," New Belgium spokesman Bryan Simpson told the Denver Post last month. Leading the short list. How does Sierra Nevada deciding on Asheville affect that? You could say -- as I'm sure many are thinking -- that New Belgium will now look away, since Sierra Nevada's in town. There's not room for two big breweries in town. That doesn't follow for sure; for instance, look at all the pharmaceutical industries around Philadelphia, look at Silicon Valley, or, if you prefer, look at Portland -- either Portland, where several good-sized craft breweries are in business quite close to each other.
Programme & Portfolio Assessment
The Federal Government announced last month it would transfer detainees to the mainland after Christmas Island reached capacity.
There was a great fare from an exotic Asian destination to the US from $160 per person in Business Class. I spent the good part of my day finding the right travel dates to get the lowest fare possible (I did my work early in the morning to free up the midmorning and afternoon, least you think I wasn’t being responsible). Having managed to find seats but for $327, the price was still a great travel deal. The only catch, I had to get there first.
Inspired by the TED talk that Graham Hill gave about becoming a weekday vegetarian, I too am going to aspire for that. I want to make sure that i am able to uphold my agreement so my aim to eat vegetarian for 4 out of the 7 days of the week. So I will have the weekends to enjoy meat, and one day of the week if i am especially feeling like i need to have a nice burger or something. This effects so many parts of the global environment that it is something that a lot of people need to consider. It will help with energy use, preserving land, animal rights, cut back on unhealthy foods and water pollution.
Or when Batman is being attacked by a rubber shark while on a rope ladder. Bats tries to punch the shark off of him, but all his blows do is sound like a guy hitting rubber. He calls up for Robin to get him the Shark repellant and, sure enough, we get a shot of four canisters, one of which is labeled “Shark Repellant.” (I wonder if Aquaman gets to borrow the Manta Ray Repellant.) Robin then walks the repellant down the ladder to hand it to Batman. While no one talks about how bad-ass Adam West’s Batman is, I would like you to remember that the next time you’re having an argument with your pals about which Batman is the baddest ass of them all that Adam West had a shark clamped down on his leg and he didn’t scream one bit.
Married: September 1, 1982 2nd- Alan Keith Thingpen
Let me say I do not have a problem with his behavior here. As I said above, it makes sense after his ordeal. First Contact offers a rationale for his actions, excessively brutal though they may be, the later two films do not.
1. KHABALLO by Margo Lerwill
14.-Present Christianity in a pleasant aspect.
21. A Man Is In Love
are always in love
Because he is married, Msgr. Steenson cannot be ordained a bishop, and so he will have to ask bishops of the Catholic Church to ordain men for the ordinariate.
“WHERE IS MY YARDSTICK????????”
“Hegel says somewhere that all great historic facts and personages occur twice, so to speak. He forgot to add: “Once as tragedy, and again as farce.”
My 3rd, couldn't speak intelligibly until this year, and the first time any of his teachers mentioned anything was 2nd grade. Then she asked if she wanted her to initiate a speech eval, and I never heard about it again after she agreed to do it. This was after I took him in to be tested at 4 through the school district, and they told me he wasn't delayed enough qualify for speech therapy.
LAUREN KATE is the internationally bestselling author of The Betrayal of Natalie Hargrove and the Fallen novels: Fallen, Torment, Passion, and Rapture. Her books have been translated into more than thirty languages.
Thinking back to the years of assigned reading, I recall that it took me a long to wade through A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway. Part of it was the length of the book, part of it was that it required a bit more concentration and I felt like I needed the “ideal” circumstances to read and understand it (it was for an AP English class and I was going to be tested on it, so I felt like I needed to pick up every detail in case it was covered on a quiz or test) and a bit part of it was that it was an assigned reading book.
Don’t take our word for it. Here’s what the late Richard Rorty, one of the most prominent post-modern philosophers of the 20th century, said on the subject:
Houses Cleaned: 1 Very, Very messy house.
If it's free it will be gone before I get there.
Yes, that’s what’s happened, and until recently, I found myself spending more time blogging and posting than actually writing. So I’ll keep my website, post a blog every week or so, talk to nice people like Carrie, but do my very best to spend most of my time working on that next book. If I don’t move as much product, so be it. I’m not in it to win it, I’m in it to pen it. Not even close, I know. But you see where I’m going.
The first best trekking rout here is the Darcha Lamayuru trek. This trek needs 26 days to cover the entire route. You cross Zanaskar, Manali, Darcha, Chumi Napo, Shingo La, Kurgiak, Tetha and many other places as you trek along the trekking track. You need to climb up 6000 meter in the direction of the western end region of the Himalayan range. As you trek along and reach each destination you get to visit the occupants and the see the beautiful natural scenic views from each destination. Your tour starts at Darcha and ends at Lamayuru.
So, while these kids are trying to figure out how to win this deadly game, they are being pestered by these other kids.
Transformation is slow, mindful change. It is patient moment-to-moment and incremental change. It is humbling and requires compassion as I tend and nourish an internal garden and attempt to bring the quiet of those moments into the busyness of my life. Each time I sit, I need a quiet mind to reveal the hidden wisdom. Until this morning, I considered stewardship as caring for something external, but it begins from within.
According to IMDB, Special cost about $1 million to make and grossed $6,387 in the US. Normally, that would not be a good recommendation. What seems to have happened is that Special has been successful on the film festival circuit but not commercially. Admittedly a nightmare to market, it has slipped under the radar.
KCI Licensing Inc and others v Smith & Nephew and others was decided last Thursday by Judge Colin Birss QC, sitting as a judge in the Patents Court, England and Wales). Following earlier litigation in which KCI had pursued Smith & Nephew (S&N) for infringing two of its European patents and established that infringement had occurred, the company applied for summary judgment in relation to an enquiry into damages. In its particulars of claim in the infringement proceedings, KCI had asserted that it was the registered patent holder. S&N admitted that assertion at the time but now, in its response to KCI's statement of intent in the enquiry into damages, S&N claimed that KCI was not the true patent owner after all. KCI was not impressed and argued that it was surely not open to S&N to raise the issue of true ownership on the enquiry into damages -- not just because of the earlier admission but also because it in any event was estopped from doing so. No, said S&N: it had actually raised the point in its skeleton argument at the trial and the admission was only that KCI was on the register as its registered proprietor, not that KCI was its true patent owner.
I have to give a shout-out to Pod who handled about half of the lessons.
But take care! And have a great week everyone!
I collect pieces with character to use as snowman hats...
As is traditional in the first full week after the Easter break, the IPKat reminds readers of some of the intellectual property-flavoured blogs with which he and his authors are involved. Blogs listed below may be "IPKat-approved", which does not mean that the IPKat actually approves of their content but that (i) this Kat provides some technical and logistical assistance as well as content and that (ii) the blogs do not carry paid-for advertising, pop-ups, banners, small ads via Adsense and so on.
(Just a joke! Love to all the mamas out there with van decals.)
Years ago, when Bow was three books jumbled all into one, I did make the rounds and kept at it until I had been rejected by every single English-speaking agent in the known world who handled historical fiction. I’m nothing if not a glutton for self-punishment. Truth to tell, they were right – the book was a mess.
15 Suffragette City
He said
In any event, it's a very simple recipe and I was kinda excited to be able to say, "I made my own homemade cheese". So how did I do? Well, for such an easy recipe, I managed to mess it up. A couple of suggestions, so you can learn from my mistakes:
Anyone raising a girl has had to explain, persistently and in great detail, why exactly she is not allowed to leave the house in that outfit. I am really good at this because I learned from the best – my mother. What has taken me by surprise is the variations of this debate I have already encountered given their young ages of 8 and 6.
Well that’s all you get. I don’t want to give too much away. Just go see it! You know you want to. Even if by some chance you haven’t read the books you can totally enjoy it as an individual movie. I can’t wait to see it again. If you’ve seen it already tell me what you think. If you have tickets tell me what you’re most looking forward to. Share your thoughts on my review. Oh and if it’s not clear…
S appeared in a Carnatic music festival competition here in the town and I just signed her up for experience as it is just months since we started regular lessons for her. I coached her on how she should introduce herself and the Geetham she is to sing and we worked on it the day before the competition so much. But she woke up with a strained voice and a bad cold on the day of the competition. Still we took her and she was the first to be called upon. One of the judges asked her what she was going to sing and she just answered him and straight off started the Geetham without the introductions and the Aalab that preludes it. She did do a good job but I was plenty upset with her for not listening to me and disregarding all that I taught her. We stayed back for the next 10 participants who were all good and did the introduction and everything well. On the way back home, we were doing a postmortem of all that went wrong that morning and believe me, drawing limits on parenting and being nice all the time is difficult. I was upset more because, in spite of the good job she did she was going to miss all the points for presentation.. Anyway we did not take her to the prize announcement ceremony the next day and guess what happened, she did win the third prize among the 25 participants and most of the others were much older to her as well. Now she has a Trophy that says Carnatic Star and she had a smug smile on her face all the day, but she was nice enough not to tell me “See Lady, what happened?” but “May be I would have got the first prize if I had done what you told me to”. So that is my sweet girl S!
We got rid of our couches!! I did love my slipcovers, but my highly energetic 4 year old is a major couch jumper, and keeping those things on, are near impossible with him. It's been a good 2-3 year run with them, so I'm not complaining. We are selling off the large couch and slipcovers in a garage sale this weekend, but keeping the small loveseat with it's slipcovers to cozy up another room.
1 tablespoon snipped fresh parsley (or 1/2 tablespoon dried parsley)
This is a nice examle of the things you can find by doing a little research. The table is an original made for me, to my needed dimensions and for way less than stores wanted for something similar. Way. Less.
This past weekend was amazing. I knew as soon as my dad told me that him and Mom were going to a classic car show in Myrtle Beach that I wanted to go. The only problem was Alex had to work that weekend and I didn't want to go by myself. Insert Jill. I knew she would go with me and went she did. We left right after school Friday afternoon and we were on our way by 3:30. We arrived in MB at the hotel where my parents were staying (we didn't stay on the beach) around 7:45. We unloaded the cars and met with my parents in their room. My parents had already eaten but they decided to ride along with Jill and me to grab a bite. After dinner it was an early bedtime since morning would come too soon.
6+: Goldnight redeemer(W)
to change, to morph, to be
Tim Holtz
03. Untrue World - 2:12
Psionic: Attempting to contact someone you can't see inflicts a -2 penalty to the Psionics roll and requires that the psionicist have made contact with the subject before. However the psionicist can forge extra contacts at the same time at the cost of 1 PP each or spend 4 PP to simply broadcast to everyone within a Large Burst template. If the target wishes to cut off contact then they may do so with an opposed Spirit roll.
The best part of self-publishing is being in control of the whole process and getting feedback from the paying public. And although I have a sales background, the marketing of something internet based is somewhat different to a physical book, and I am still learning. But then, I didn't set out to write something commercial, just something readable.
I came here purely out of a desperate need.
Have you heard of the woman who made a tombstone for her husband with the inscription, “Rest in peace until we meet again”? Resting in peace, unfortunately, comes for most people only in death.
Two tablespoons half and half
I know plenty of folks who keep a regular schedule of cleaning, so that never is there a time when they look up to discover mounds of clothes on the bedroom floor, crumbs and detritus collecting around kitchen floor crevices, dishes in the sink, hair and splash stains around bathroom sinks and mirrors. No, they never let it get to that point. I do, however. It upsets me, but I guess not enough to reform me into a domestic do-gooder. I’m sorry honey, but I’m never going to be that kind of wifey.
Day 6 and 7: Finally got my own place to live! I’m renting out a room in a two-bedroom, shared bathroom, in Hell’s Kitchen (hence the title of this post) area. It’s literally just a bedroom with a curtain for a door, but it’s mine. Wow, this week has provided me with a LOT of stand up material. And for that, I’m thankful.
I also found out yesterday that my former colleague (who had wanted to get out of the office for a long time – and she finally got her wish fulfilled, that’s why I’m training my other colleague) had taken three months (working in the week) before she was confident enough to be in the office alone.
A few posts back, you will see I talked about receiving some complimentary tubes of Lapel Stick. I hadn't yet used a Lapel Stick, but I have now. Here is my experience. First of all, the adhesive does hold nicely and goes on smoothly and I would imagine, as advertised, it would be great to carry in pocket or purse to hold something in place in an emergency situation where you aren't near a needle and thread (hem comes loose, button falls off, etc.)
Michael Leander, founder of MarkEdu is such a witty commentator on what's really happening online that I've had him speak every year.
Please stop by the MFT Blog for more details on today's Teaser and a complete list of all the designers participating in today's Die-namics Feature & Pre-Release Pep Rally.
“You’re such a Yank,” manages to say between bouts of laughter. “That’s why they look at you funny. You talk like an American. Plus you dress like a boy.”
OK – it's just the under 20's –but many of those from Wales and the opposing teams will be the stars of rugby's future and you can boast I was there when the heir to Barry John played his very first game for Wales - etc
Sony Ericsson’s design already fits in with Sony’s style, and we probably won’t see that changing too much. We may see Xperia devices with much better specs, though. If the new smartphones are going to be powerful gaming devices, the specs will have to be much more impressive.
Byw, this is from martin b.
For the fire, I used our X-Grill portable barbeque (see my earlier article and review), as we weren't allowed to light fires directly on the ground. We'd brought along a box of decent hardwood, my favourite hatchet and had gathered I pile of tinder and kindling from around the farm. We were also contending with 20mph winds and occasional severe gusts that routinely tipped over our camping chairs.
Either way you slice it, demons are not to be taken lightly. If you do not believe in God, they will twist your head around on your body and make you puke green stuff. If you do believe in God they will make you disobedient to God. Most importantly, they want to keep you from knowing Jesus Christ as your Savior. They want you to go to Hell. God does not.
Other; Not Quite Navy & Early Espresso Markers, Color Spritzer Tool, Crumb Cake Seam Binding, Pearl Basic Jewels, Itty Bitty Shapes Punch Pack
Smith argued that supply and demand as determined by consumer sovereignty set prices that accurately measured the value of goods and services. He hypothesized the existence of an Invisible Hand (not to be confused with a Divine Hand) that transformed into the common good economic activity driven by self-interest. He saw free markets as efficient, stable, and self-correcting. If the economy got out of sync in one period, it would regain its natural equilibrium in the next.
Our first matchup of the Winter Bracket of the 2012 Battle of the Books pits J.M. McDermott's When We Were Executioners against Charles de Lint's Eyes Like Leaves. Per our contest rules, I have read the first 25 pages of both, and the winner will be the book I most want to continue reading.
the slow drift of stars
Gold: Stoudts Heifer In Wheat, Stoudt Brewing Co., Adamstown, PA
1 cup chocolate chips (I like using white chocolate chips but you can use dark as well)
And it sings to me and it sounds familiar
In rifle terms... there's really no answer to that question, as there are far too many variables.
We saw a few FA-18s flying overhead and Jordy wanted to see more so we rode home and got changed and headed out to the airport. We managed to totally luck out and two fighter jets landed just as we arrived. Then one sat on the runway and blasted his engines for about a minute. It was crazy loud!! Incredible! Then it took off and was out of sight before you knew it.
At the same time, some experts said Iran was not likely to deploy such a sophisticated weapon without also sending Revolutionary Guard crews with the expertise to fire the missile.
“Heavy fighting continued until this morning,” the military official said.
Your mom was right: violence is not the answer. If your mom was really smart, she also taught you that government is little more than a monopoly on violence. In some cases, such as countering aggressive force, violence is entirely appropriate. In most cases it is absolutely not.
No actions on the part of our military can cause these enemies to be any more or any less cruel and vicious than they already are. They are brought up from the womb, to hate and make violence against all whom they consider to be infidels or who are somehow deemed in their warped psyches, to be unfit or unworthy.
Also fell in love with these little pine cones. Found these at a local flower shop.
Actually, of course, he is an early music specialist in the most visceral way: the dusty historical tomes we all read to try and understand the music making of the 17th and 18th centuries are chock full of anecdotes about emotional playing, mind-boggling ornamentation, extraordinary use of colour, and phrasing. That’s Pandolfo.
Gift Bags
Those that are concerned with my calcium are quick to tell me about viactive or other calcium supplements. I smile and nod, and know I should have been taking calcium for years I have never liked drinking a glass of milk. Honestly it will take a doctor to get me to take calcium supplements. I am sure to get extra calcium in anything where that is an option, and I know I probably need it, just haven't gone there yet.
mabey she has chkikin strip for me?
INSOMNIA (Erik Skjoldbjaerg, director)
These are the doctors, the civil servants, the bankers and clerks, the community leaders who have social capital and can shape opinions. They make up the heart of critical citizens, informed and engaged in issues.
to feeling, breathing, loving.
On arrival at Quepos we found a taxi and gave the driver directions to our accommodation which, unbelievably, is in Londres.
Before its watery free-fall
I recommend the movie to everyone who once in a while wonders about dream reality, sleeping, waking up, life, death…In short, you may enjoy the film more if you find yourself speculating on vague questions about life itself…
It's funny that my name derives from Dionysus, God of revelry and master of rites similar to those of the less philosophically aware and more earthy of the Tantrikas of Hinduism, especially the New Age Western devotees. No wonder the ancient Christians quickly grabbed May Day and made it respectable, regarding it as unsafe to leave in the licentious hands of Wiccans and animists and other Satanic spawn. Sex was replaced by its more slightly more sober form, morris dancing; especially down there in Kent, where we lived
I'm now tasked with the.. uh.. task of giving him/her/zie a name. I haven't even assigned it a gender.. most of my other guitars I've given guy monikers. This one is a little prettier, a little sexier that I'm inclined to lean towards a more feminine signature.
Perhaps it's inevitable - before you choose the words, characters, plot twists and so on, the image of the book you hold in your head has the advantages conferred by all choices. Then when you shut off some choices, you lose their potential benefits.
First and foremost, I'm not trained in this sort of help. I don't even fully understand why I have a need to post this. I'm just led to. It comes easy for me and it feels right.
Here's the sign for the pediatric orthodontist-- Mr. Alligator with his rows of teeth:
Big took the glass and her elbow, then led Tina from the room. Felicon Whisper poured again from the chilled carafe and leaned back while a fog enveloped his spinning brain.
EUR: 24.98 mg, a new all-time low
"What's wrong today?" I asked, startled by her reaction.
There goes my imagination. I'll be sure to give you another update later in the week, so stay tuned.
Loved Peonies...
I’m accustomed to foreigners complaining about the discrimination they receive from locals, not the locals complaining about having to discriminate against foreigners. Sure it’s in a different context but still, geez.
The failure to find tech-savvy talent is preventing U.S. companies from innovating their way out of their current financial doldrums. A survey by Moritz’s firm found that 57 percent of U.S. CEOs said that creating and fostering a skilled workforce should be a top government priority.
Who waits for me at gates of gold
2 different flower flourish stickers
If you make a deposit you will get a 300% op to $5000 signup bonus (standard ongame 8x bonus) with 90 days to clear it, and you will still get the $30 free poker money.
Overall this was an okay book. There isn't technically anything wrong with it. I just found the characters to be lackluster, the story predictable, and the mystery slow-moving and difficult to stay engaged with. So far I remain unimpressed with all of the Siren YA books I have read. I did think that Lost Voices by Sarah Porter was better than this book but not a ton better. I won't be reading any more of this series.
1. David Osband (H) 48; 2. Jack Berritt (H) 50; 3. Jacob Goodman (S) 52; 4. Michael Glatstein (S) 53; 5. Mo Godin (H) 54; 6. Lewis Raboy (S) 56; 7. (tie) Mason Raboy (S), Rob Janeway (H), Arjun Mehrotra (H) 57; 10. Jeremy Costin (S) 62.
I look around and spot Freddie Mercury’s smiling face -
It’s challenge time again with my friends over on the CCEE Stampers challenge blog. This week our April challenge hostess Cindy Haffner brings us her second challenge for the month.
Like many strategic planning processes I have been involved in, we needed longer to spend discussing what action we would take. (We filled in some of the detail at last night’s meeting which involved 14 people and a lot of energy. Once again we started with diner and the positive atmosphere of the weekend continued at the meeting).
Thanks for looking! I hope everyone has a WONDERFUL and SAFE Independence day!!
Going live at 9:00AM PST.
Since I've Been Loving You
Venison Cooked In Espresso Oil (Smoked Celery Root, Persimmon, Mugolio Jus)
The Mission of the School Library
This isn’t something to hold against them – it’s a story repeated across the country and cause for sympathy. But it’s one of the reasons why the club must be such a source of pride to its fans.
Which connection I should cut
* I used Green Tea paste with Green Tea Lotus filling
This is why you come up in July -when it's hot (75degrees IS hot for us). I can imagine the fun he would have here, splashing in the water, chasing frogs, doing "turtle rescue". It's close by-we ride our bikes there..........and a million miles from anyone. So quiet-all you here is the water.
Raven Had a Dilettante Streak
WHERE: My Place Residence Hall Katipunan (near KFC)
Shag scurried around and began to sniff the greyhounds bum.
Now, I’m beginning to question whether every Bio that can be readily accessed on-line should be just as polished? And that got me to thinking about all the web sites I’ve posted to and the many versions of “About the Author” I have floating around out there. For a while, I was just posting to any place that would let me. My form of marketing…ha!
Together, they would create something the world had never seen.
and tell me to rest,
Each blogger has unique special attributes that separate them from the next; some have similar traits and others stand alone. Everyone has their own unique voice within their little blog page and together we form a mini community. We should all be nominated for this award; I browse a lot of marvelous blogs and everyone is quite talented. Whether or not we dedicate our blog to a specific topic or blog on many topics, it comes together as one.
That and here my General’s first battle,
I don't take offense to whatever the person who commented on smh.com.au. about how my life is empty, despite the number of clothes and shoes I have. Actually, I thank you, whoever you are.
Emily Richards (Dorset, sick for 2 years)
2012 may be the end of the world as we know it.
John Adams, the second President of the United States of America, just happened to be the first President to sign a healthcare bill that mimics “socialized healthcare.” You will find many articles written by pro-socialized health care authors and politicians with the argument that our forefathers would want a similar bill in these new times as evidenced by that first Bill on the matter. My advice to you- “buyer beware.”
To be in for the chance to win, please follow these simple rules:
Jupiter is a favorite sight in small telescopes – and to see the four Gallilean moons you really should use a telescope – any telescope. I have a tiny, 50mm “department store” telescope that mounted on an ordinary camera tripod does an excellent job showing the moons of Jupiter. It is possible to see them with binoculars if you have good eyesight and can hold the binoculars really steady – lean against a building, or better yet, mount them on a tripod.
I'm not going to specifically tag anyone, but invite you to take this meme on, in either its original or modified form.
“I’m thrilled to present this new Afterlife TV episode featuring Dr. Brian Weiss. Brian is the author of Many Lives, Many Masters, Through Time Into Healing, Only Love Is Real, Messages From The Masters, Same Soul, Many Bodies, and more.
Now, if only he hadn't misplaced them he could have worn them to school today. I have a feeling I'll find them somewhere really interesting when I clean up in a bit.
"It looks like they're accepting Ms Madikizela-Mandela's word above my own," said Odendaal.
15ml Lemon juice
Sure! I’m totally going to crib from the flap copy from Harbinger, because I like the way it reads.
5. R2-D2 We Wish You A Merry Christmas
2013.E-VI/24/1966. On the shortsightedness of faculty indignation during a student sit-in. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinois.
So what is going to be required to make this happen? First up, there’s going to have to be a number of employers who are prepared to offer 15 hours work a week, during school hours. There’s no point in requiring sole parents to work 15 hours a week if no such jobs are available, so I’m assuming that National will be putting some sort of incentives in place to encourage the creation of such jobs.
Keith N. Hampton, University of Pennsylvania. Pervasive Awareness and Network Diversity: How New Media Reinforces Place-Based Social Relationships
08 - Whiskey Man 04:43
A friend dropped me a note about the game. He is starting off and while he likes the game, he is more interested in *pew* *pew* and less interested in the sometimes grindy acquisition of ISK. (I’ll admit, mining is an acquired taste, and all the more so when mineral prices are down.)
'I ran inside to call the ambulance and he sat outside on a stool. 'I came out and tied his arm up with a belt and towels, the ambulance people talked me through it. 'But through it all he sat there talking away like it was normal. When the ambulance came they put him on a stretcher and asked where the arm was.
145 “What The Clearing Means To Me.” Siftings From The Clearing, Ellison Bay, Wisconsin, June 1976, p. 1.
Regionally, townhouses retain a larger share in markets in the Northeast. At the beginning of 2008, townhouses were 21% of single-family starts. As of the end of 2011, that share had increased to 27%. A slight increase in concentration has also been seen in the Midwest, where the market share over the same period increased from 11% of single-family starts to 15%.
A lesson for SF writers
Quick! What the fastest moving component in your engine? If you’ve taken a hint from the title of this article, you probably guessed correctly – it’s your valve springs, those tight little bundles of joy that open and close your engine’s valves.
Seriously: electric airplanes. They’re about to take off. Testing begins this spring on the Volta Volare GT4. A recent story in Popular Science spiked interest in the four-passenger carbon fiber aircraft that isn’t really an electric plane but more of a plug-in hybrid plane, much like the Chevrolet Volt. (The PopSci headline touted “electric airplane” and the story admitted “hybrid drivetrain.”) Whatever it is, the Volta Volare aeronautics company of Portland, Oregon says the plane can travel 300 miles on battery power, then a 1.5-liter gasoline engine engages and extends the plane’s range to 1,000 miles. The company sees the plane being attractive for its low cost of operation and its environmental friendliness. Aviation gasoline (avgas) is typically leaded fuel, which has been gone from motor vehicle fuel since the 1980s. On a 200-mile trip in a comparable four-passenger gas-engine private plane, you’d burn $80 worth of avgas, while the electricity to carry the GT4 200 miles would cost only $20.
I give this 9/10 - the illustrations added to the sense of action throughout the book.
I am a happy Karen right now. I painted an actual object, and it turned out well! *grins*
212.260.7103
At 19 i was in college, studying in a "Male's" field and feeling strong and on top of the world. I did not give birth and have a house to keep up. At 23 i was still in college, ready to graduate and work construction. I was under the impression, at the time, that i would never meet a man that would full fill my dreams, it was simply impossible. A husband for this girl, was out of site and hopeless. I graduated and got a job offer. I bought steel toed boots. I drove down to Bennington and there he was..... History.
I mercifully let my happy young teens out a little before recess, to get some romping time for themselves before being seen by the “little” kids…..
when others share their PASSION.
Lake Superior is a character unto itself that demands respect. The water is cold, heartless and holds its secrets and spirits deep within. The sky above moves and dances like the spirits of the northern lights. The imagery is beautiful and draws the reader in, like the lake draws people to it shores.
What would the perfect sign say? Why? If you had the chance to speak... what would you say?
“When we have a difficult time receiving, we block the flow of life.” Pg 47
Erica arrived in Hawaii and the game was afoot! That night, with the plan in place, the waiter had the special coconut, and the sunset was beautiful! The problem was Erica didn’t feel like having a coconut drink! What to do? Finally, Nic gave in and ordered one of the drinks himself and turned the coconut around so Erica would notice the message. It was all he hoped it would be…tears, laughter, surprise, and joy with a topping of dancing on the beach in the moonlight!
22. My mother taught me: GENETICS.
It is my impression on Golden week, though this year I noticed another aspect of it; I found many volunteers who mow grass in some public gardens and squares, and on TV I also saw people who work for the devastatingly damaged places in the North East area. I'm really encouraged by it.
Though the news of this ongoing global catastrophe is still being heavily censored in the US, the same cannot be said about Japan, and as recently reported by the leading Japanese newspaper The Mainichi Daily News that reports:
Surely there’s room to question Shapiro on why our ability to fly to the moon gives grounds for certainty that a purely “naturalistic” explanation of life’s origin will be forthcoming. Space flight is an accomplishment enacted in a material world but, more to the point, it’s a triumph of engineering — aka, intelligent design. It could not be accomplished at all without the direction of purposeful designers.
6. Drain beans, reserving at least some of the bean juice.
Meanwhile melt the butter in a microwave and mix in the garam masala, curry powder, salt and pepper. tip the peanuts and sultanas into a bowl, add the baked chickpeas, pour over the spiced butter and stir everything well to coat.
Accidents in the line of duty are tragic, and will always happen. But the nature of Gentile's accidental shooting of Breitkopf - and according to the Daily News it appears to be an inexplicable accident of one veteran cop shooting another - brings to the fore the double-standard we have for police officers' accidental use lethal force.
Unless you are gay
I know who I'd choose.
Because people they think must somehow know more than them have elevated it.
When I was a young reader the two kinds of books I most liked were science fiction, and the thrillers of Alistair McLean.
But there is a happy outcome to this story. Prepare to be very, very jealous. You see, they called the head of Security Training - oh yes, the Head of Security Training - over and they have decied that my brain (not yours, MINE) is going to be used as part of their training manual. I said that I'd have to charge for this. They actually for several moments looked as though they thought I was being serious, but I decided not to push my luck and I quit while I was not really ahead. But anyway, yes, I am proud to tell you that it is now the case that my brain is part of the training for airport security.
Being a human being, at least under Zuma’s watch, is going to be challenging. For a start, if you are a child who is lazy to go to school, you will be “taught by force” until you get your degree.
Rings on
studio-as-instrument, the importance she places on "chromatic"
In Limpopo province, students started the school year in January without textbooks even though millions of dollars had been allocated for purchases, with media reports saying a politically connected figure may have pocketed the funds.
I had two embryos implanted yesterday morning at 7am. I am now on day 2 of "bedrest." In my last post I mentioned that we had 7 fertilized embryos but now we have 5. 2 of them stopped dividing and for lack of better words, died. The Dr hasn't disposed of them yet because he likes to wait as long as possible and have their in house enbryologist monitor the cells just in case they come around. All in all 5 embryos isn't a bad number, would I have wished that more of them would have fertilized, yes I do. I feel like I have two real shots at this. Now I see why the Dr likes to extract as many eggs as possible. You just never know what their quality will be or how many will positively progress.
Race Record: Starts: 27; Wins: 7; 2nd: -; 3rd: -; Win & Place Prize Money: £214,199
Don’t get me wrong, I love digital content. It’s incredibly convenient, reduces clutter and waste, and opens doors to smaller creators who would never have the budget for a large-scale “hard-copy” release. But its slippery slope undeniably leads down into a whirling mass of razor blades. The worst-case scenario is that we’d live in a disc-free world only to find that while we buy all these movies and games (or for that matter, music and books), we don’t own them.
Do it for oatcakes
As previously mentioned I saw The Hunger Games in the theater. I was invited to a special pre-screening event by E-man and we doubled with some of his friends. It was way fun and you'd think that would be the most memorable event of that day, right? Well...not exactly.
Falling asleep to Shin Chan DVDs is pretty cool! ...until they affect your dreams. Had one dream where I met up with an old friend of the past and they talked exactly like Shin. Creepy.
the sky, the earth
The blue room hasn't remained empty for long - I had big plans for it. My new sewing room has emerged, and I love it. It's much larger and lighter than the one I had previously, which was on the south side of the house and didn't let in much light.
We have counted all the votes and the entry with the most votes which has won The Sweetness Compeition is
but everything seems to be against me this year
Police Sergeant – supervise teams of officers, overseeing police operations, volume crime investigations, demand management issues and take initial control of critical incidents.
Meanwhile, all Asians ever hear about is how America is THE NUMBER ONE BEST with GREAT OPPORTUNITIES and how NO ONE EVER STARVES, etc.
This is my second bottled offering from Flossmoor. I was a fan of the brown ale that I had, and I've got high hopes for this beer. They actually brew several varieties of IPAs, and you can tell what one you are having based on the wax top on the bottles. They use the same bottle for each of their IPAs. This blue wax topped bomber is the Lady Columbia IPA.
“I’m sure I cheated in board games,” the Georgia Tech coach said. “And when I played, yeah, you’d do stuff. Move the ball forward. Move it back. Kick it. Maybe grab a guy where you’re not supposed to. But heck, everybody does that.”
38. Visit another city
Victory -Yakima Glory
Bitterness is a choice we make. No one can force another person to be bitter. a bitter person thinks that they can be bitter in just one area of there life but that bitterness will affect and interupt every area of that persons life. Bitterness cannot be contained because it is a flaw in a persons attitude, character, and spiritual life.
Okay, so maybe he wasn’t outside in a field, but here is this man with a BABY handing out scantrons. THIS IS MY LIFE. I think my mouth was open when he handed me the scantron.
Come back in the next couple of days to see the card I am making for dear daughter's birthday - I promise it will have a PTI glittered die cut.
“It certainly would be an error of the first order for us to plunge out into a programme of promises and bribes in the hopes of winning the public favour. But if you say to me: `What account are we to give of the policy of the Conservative Party? What are we to say of our theme and our cause and of the faith that is in us?’ That is a question to which immediate answer can always be given.
If this were atop a children’s ride, then I’d say okay. But you can find beer under this most gaudy of displays. Dare I say tacky? Perhaps I need more Christmas spirit. Or more beer.
My whole thing is, I have learned from all of my trials and tribulations that I don’t want for anything. I have more love given to me than any man has a right to have, but I have it, and I am grateful to all who are there providing it for me. I’m grateful that I was resourceful enough to find food and shelter when I seemingly had nowhere to go. I’m even grateful for all those people that provided free drugs so I wasn’t bored out of mind when I was uninspired to do anything else. In other words, I am thankful for everything I have, or had, that helped me get to where I am right now, which is OK. Happy, Beloved, Alive, and Able to express my gratitude to all those living here with me, in body or in spirit.
without the cleaning
At the same time, I've got a bit of flash fiction to share with you all!
And why I’ve decided to sit here and blog rather than get out the mop. — Lenore
2. New Orleans Saints
Same goes for those of you with higher echelon distribution deals. Just because you are distributed by Sony, does not make you a major label artist. Showcase the strengths, avoid the lies and capitalize on the way you promote yourself by looking strong to your fans, your friends and the industry at the same time.
2 (8 oz.) blocks of cream cheese, softened
Obama has deliberately turned his back, and walked on by.
(Off topic. I originally posted this on The American Catholic, and I thought our Almost Chosen People readers might like it.)
Superteachers can really embrace Pintrest in the classroom as a source tracking tool. The course I teach is called Professional Communication and Presentation, and we are focused not only on developing strong content but also strong visual presentation. Pintest can be used in my class to pin source material for presentations as well as to pin images to use in a presentation. Superteachers who have used Pintrest: how did you implement the website in your classroom?
The goal is to let your doctor know that you value the good care she gives you. If your doctor goes the extra mile for you, express gratitude. We all like to hear that we have done well or that we have done something to improve someone else’s life. Doctors need that too.
He seems to be doing just fine. Lots of bubbles and activity for sure! See:
- the first crown court criminal trial to be held without a jury in England and Wales for more than 350 years. (BBC)
Austin Lau & Bing Chen, Global YouTube Creator Program Managers, recently watched The Dominic Show’s “Dating Tips: Break Ups”
Nonetheless, they have been cranking out 1934-series bonds for many years now. This situation has reached a peak point of crisis. The aggrieved countries have formed an alliance to stop the corruption.
WE’RE GLAD TO HAVE YOU OUT HERE IN THE MIDDLE WEST
Thursday, December 20th–Therapy.
Now, with my iPad and stylus, I can edit a PDF export of the original Pages file in Notabiliy, in longhand.
We have small eggs at the moment - all our laying girls are new layers, so I used six small eggs. If you have large eggs, use four. Add salt and pepper, about ½ cup of cream, ½ cup of grated hard cheese - I used cheddar, and all the ricotta. Mix together then add the silverbeet and onions and mix again.
Almighty God, who gave to your apostles Philip and James grace and strength to bear witness to the truth: Grant that we, being mindful of their victory of faith, may glorify in life and death the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ; who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.
I chose Andrea and her key chain - her version is for those crazy people that hate Vampires; mine belongs to a certain Vamp - hey, everyone has keys, right? So what if it's to the coffin in the basement...
Here is a little clip of Grayden. I just love to sit and watch him learn to kick his legs. I am also trying to get a good clip of him during tummy time because he is really getting strong; however every time I try to record him lifting his head he seems to be in one of his "fussy" moments.
“I’d give ‘em another wash or two,” he says at last. “You should be fine.”
In 2 Peter 3:20-21, Peter wrote about of the scriptures, “knowing this first, that every prophecy of Scripture comes not from one’s own interpretation, for prophecy never came by the will of man, but holy men of God spoke by the Holy Spirit moving them.” By referring to scripture, Peter certainly had the Paul’s writings in mind. Peter had more than Paul’s writings in mind too. Look at the context of 2 Peter 3:20-21. In 2 Peter 1:16-19, Peter referred to John, James, and himself witnessing the Transfiguration, and Peter stated that “we” “have the prophetic word” that “you” do well to heed. By “we”, Peter was referring to John and himself after James’ death. In 2 Peter 1:19, Peter noted that “you” should follow the prophecy from John and himself, and then Peter refers to “every prophecy of Scripture” in 2 Peter 1:20. Paul’s writings were prophetic scripture and so were those of Peter and John. The New Testament Scriptures were being collected with Paul’s writings according to 2 Peter 3:16, which according to 1:16-21 must include also the writings of Peter and John. There is a definite collection established and being built upon even at the time of the writing 2 Peter being about 67 AD. Clearly, the Apostles did oversee the collection of the New Testament Scriptures. The Apostle John also has some words to add to these things. In 1 John 1:1-4, John referred to all of the Apostles’ writings. John stated that “we” write. John wrote “we are writing these things” referring to the Apostles’ writings and this epistle of John. Again, both John and Peter affirmed their supervision of the collection of the New Testament writings.
Tomorrow is my 19th Wedding Anniversary. NINETEEN years... who knew!! Pretty soon, I will have been with my husband longer than I was single. It literally feels like just a few years...
3. Another benefit of homeschooling is the fun factor. Can you give us a few examples of some especially fun times you had as a result of homeschooling?
Never seen eyes so blue
Dedicate as much time as you can on May 1 to healing the core of the issues.
PS, In case you wondered, the cricket won. Easily.
Identifies rationalism with idealistic projects and movements. This seems strange, perhaps because the discussion is made in a vacuum of any context in modern bureaucracies.
Adding a second camera facing the interviewer not only provides a second shot, but allows each camera to reframe its shot while the other camera is being used. This enables you to cut between a range of shots without having to constantly zoom in and out.
Image shows two fill-cards to bounce light back onto the set
Q: If you were born again, would you still be TVXQ? If the same opportunity were to arise?
"I just think people really don't want to hear the truth They instead attack you on your character, your writing style, and not your argument. They distract from what you just said by saying you can't spell, or that you should have put a comma there," said Ziegler.
I tried to cry it out. I tried to sleep it away. I tried to drink it away. Nothing worked. Finally I realized I had to take another risk and pick myself up. The mere one sentence transition doesn’t do enough justice to the difficulty of taking this risk. How far would you go to fix your broken life and ultimately, your broken soul? I had to find out.
West Chicago - Meet at Reed-Keppler Park, 129 W. National Street in West Chicago, from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm. Festivities will include a flashlight walk through the park, an outdoor movie on the baseball field, a pool party, the chance to meet police officers and fire fighters, free food and drinks, and giveaways.
Here is a sample of the comments and email I receive:
Of late, there has been a veritable explosion of sorts, in writing memory. In these times, we are really seeing the final passing away of that generation from West Bengal who not only had ancestral roots in East Bengal but had actually lived their, often right into their adulthood , as was the case for many later refugees. What they have also seen is the gradual loss of the signs of their distinctiveness in their future generations – distinctiveness that defined self-identities and attitudes. Few people of Barisal origin born in West Bengal have anything akin to the stereotypical Barishailya raag ( the innate short-temper of Barisal people). In West Bengal, hardly any post-partition generation of Dhaka-Bikrampur origin would self-identify oneself with that dash of brash pride that comes with the epithet of ‘Dhakaiya kutty’. The slow loss of the cultural peculiarities of these sons and daughters, and grandsons and granddaighters, of East Bengal, thrust upon West Bengal, has resulted in the writing of memoirs – memoirs of a way of life, memoirs of the loss of a way of life. These memoirs differ from the kinds which were produced earlier, post-partition, which often had the backdrop of recent loss, that one had not come to terms with. The present crop of writing is rich with the story of loss, that has been digested and reflected upon, in terms of the double loss in identity that they see right in front of their eyes, in their progeny. That makes this genre of literary exploration especially poignant as it is also the last gasp of a robust, secure and self-confident East Bengal in West Bengal. Aldous Huxley said, every man’s memory is his private literature. Now, after long last, some of that is becoming public.
Quick Interview with Jeff
Although I feel a bit rusty it seems I can still produce a blog post...I will be back to write about our ongoing home renos...hope I haven't bored you to death.It will be nice to have an online diary of the blood sweat and tears we are putting into home. I leave you with a parting shot of a deer who has taken a liking our gooseberry bush.
Me (wincing a bit, as is also par for the course): "What, honey?"
**On a side note, and to make readers a little more familiar with me and my background, I am tired of people contacting my officers via cell phone to report things. I used to work for a security company that patrolled construction sites due to the high copper thefts in the area. I am guilty of contacting the officers but I stuck to a system for contacting them. If it was something suspicious happening or something that would require an officer, I called into dispatch to report it. If I had just spotted a vehicle out for a "stroke of midnight" at 0100-0300 in the morning I'd call an officer because they usually would get a good laugh out of the couple scrambling for clothes. Since I have left my ex-boss has had to come out of the office work and onto the sites and streets. This is fine with the exception that when he calls the officers we hear the radio traffic between them and have no idea what is going on, where at, how many and when. I sit in a dark room and am treated like a mushroom enough by admin thank you I don't need my officers doing it too.
Like any other parent, I want the best teachers for my children. I do not need a test score to determine the quality of my children’s teachers or school. I know the teachers my kids have had at their public school are highly effective. I look for an educator who is caring, creative, organized and communicates well with parents.
And, yes, I have a long way to go folks!
A thief comes only to steal and slaughter and destroy;
Welcome to the second week of our challenge to produce a project using the sentiment "Happy Birthday!"
Here lies a most precious treasure,
But instead I draw closer through these times
This week's Tuesdays with Dorie was selected by Carol of The Bake More: basic marbled loaf cake. The idea was simple - make the batter for a classic pound cake then divide it in half, flavor each half as you like and swirl the two batters together in the pan. Dorie provided several options for flavor variations, but she noted that the peppermint marble loaf was her favorite. Several of the TWD bakers who made the recipe early in the week tried that version and loved it and since I'm a big fan of the chocolate/mint combo it was an easy decision to go that route.
The kids left most of their candy for the EB to take. In return he left baskets filled with fun. Summer's eggs were hidden in her room. Garrett, on the other hand, got to follow a trail of clues hidden in eggs. The trail lead, eventually, to "Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked" for he and Summer to share. The EB is very clever and Garrett had a BLAST following the clues.
Then the books of Vladimir came into my life, — the light in a ‘kingdom of darkness’. Then — and Vladimir himself… He helped me remember that I am not the body and mind. He helped me to overcome the onslaught of terrible disease… Now, even their names I do not want to remember… This is only a vision which is not yet fully recovered…
Daniel Radcliffe, with whom Bonham-Carter worked on the Harry Potter films, has interviewed her for, er, Interview. Well it's more of a conversation really, with insights into the lives of both actors. They cover everything from the pressure of having an amazing family to Helena having to audition to be in her quasi-husband (they're only not married because of 'laziness' she says) Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd musical to wearing odd shoes to the Golden Globes. My girl crush on Helena Bonham Carter continues.
The main and only person guaranteed to do everything right and look hot doing it is the instructor, who does this multiple times a day, every day.
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
It promptly went back to the store where I informed the respectable-looking elderly Italian shopkeeper that what he had sold me was not Italian. I won't forget that moment: his eyes bulged dangerously in his withered face, vein throbbing upon the temple. He turned to his co-worker and then, while viciously strangling the foreigner, started yelling in the Romance language I do not speak. I could only grasp that he was just as scandalized as I was that the coffee pot in his 100% Italian product store did not meet his required qualifications.
Cuba’s May Day celebration always brings in labor leaders from around the world, including 1,800 from more than 100 countries this year, the master of ceremonies for the parade said.
First Guest Designer Tammy Louise with her lovely inchie puzzle card. Tammy used Cynthia's New Wings digi image from The Stamping Boutique.
And there’s diamonds and pearls in your hair, yes there are.
Shannon's Attitude is a sheer grape colored jelly base with holographic bar glitter and micro holographic glitter. The glitter did bunch together a bit so I found it easier to apply it by placing a drop on the nail and then spreading it around. This provided better distribution of glitter over the regular method of application. The camera really doesn't do justice to this glitter as the the bars truly sparkle and shift color. Each little bar is a rainbow and contains the full spectrum of colors. The jelly base adds a slight purple tint to the polish it is layered over.
Radar sends out electromagnetic radiation that strikes hydrometeors in the atmosphere. Some of this radiation reflects back directly toward the radar set. This energy that is reflected directly back is called backscattered radiation.
Take a closeup look at some of the new Ultra Fine Flower Soft! This color is "Strawberry," and adds a marvelous fine texture...it gives almost a flocked look! One of my favorite uses for Flower Soft is for edging, and the new Ultra Fine works wonderfully! The new Ultra Fine Flower Soft will be available February 1st!
I'm afaid I don't have a clue who made these stamps. Its an A5 sheet so more of them and I may one day get round to using them.
‘Stop Kicking’ uses the energy from the previous track to vent the remaining bottled up anger with Ansell taking the lead for the remainder of the record.
On to beer...
Yesterday, much to my surprise, a neighbour arrived at my door with a bunch of daisys and a bag of dried green ‘grass’.
Pork liver paté, sliced into portions or just straight from the pack
The Teacher's Edition includes lesson plans, correlating worksheets, and reminders of the feature video and game for this issue. A planning calendar lists the topics covered for the whole year so you can plan ahead. Each issue is correlated to the Common Core Standards.
sales tax paid
The Boers in Natal then went and joined their fellow Boers in the Orange Free State and the Transvaal, which had in the meantime been put on the road to nationhood as well. Although there were other indigenous peoples living in parts of these territories, the Boers were accepted by them as another indigenous people and it is worthwhile to note that very few major clashes took place between the Boers and the Black peoples of this time. When such clashes did take place, they were usually over matters such as stock or grazing - at a time very normal matters for indigenous peoples to argue over.
By continuing to grow the federal deficit in the Obama manner, the Administration is stealing from future generations (assuming the debt is someday repaid, a stretch) or else from debt holders (who will be forced to take pennies on the dollar paybacks).
When sending your submission place your last name and the word “submission” in the subject line. Example: Cary Submission
the warmth
THE FUTUREHEADS - Rant
The operation had thrown up evidence that suspects were communicating online.
Just before Easter I started to lose my discipline and my momentum. Maybe I'd been pushing too hard and burned myself out. Maybe I wasn't pushing hard enough.
Fan assisted air circulation
It was not white Englishmen who tore a frightened 15 year old child from his friends and his loving family, it was Asian immigrants who did that and who put him through hours of terror and inflicted tortures on his young body which we can only start to imagine. To satisfy their hatred, his future was stolen, Kriss will never become a lover, a husband, a father, a grandfather or anything else that shyly handsome innocent young boy ever dreamed of or hoped to be, and they did it to him for no other reason than that he was white.
Lots of people are starting to ask me what I personally do to stay fit. I’ll be 52 years old in November and I feel honored that people think that I am in great shape for any age.
49 points or less (= Avoidable)
The writing was “brilly,” as the characters would say. I really liked the alternating chapters between Elder and Amy. At points, it really helped keep up the suspense — Revis would leave me hanging at the end of an Elder chapter, all through an Amy chapter, which would also leave me hanging, and the cycle would continue. Do you see how I couldn’t put it down? And the mystery part of it was definitely a mystery — I couldn’t guess what the outcome was going to be! And there are plenty of questions left for the next book, even if this one wraps up nicely if this was the only one read in the series (that’s actually a huge plus for me, even though I do intend on reading the next one A.S.A.P.!)
perform your daily duties and even exercises as they are rich in
For the Biscuits:
-the 20-year-old girl, who lives on her own, and rock-climbs, and calls me almost everyday on her way home from working with special needs adults;
Weaknesses: Sage is really bratty. The reasons for this are clear later in the book (which I don't want to spoil), but I wanted to slap him on multiple occasions, which is never good.
But of the good to treat, which there I found,
Kankamma’s husband also does labour work in Hyderabad. He was frequently visiting his family. So kanakamma was alone in the village. She often falls sick with tiredness, giddiness etc. Due to this problem she was not able to concrete on her work. So she was facing lot of problems physically and emotionally. She visited local doctors for her sickness but found no relief. She was totally depressed and worried. She was not even able to visit any private hospital due to her poverty.
I'm still laughing, I had to call Chris at work and make him laugh.
I probably had more fun creating the bad guy out of ‘Ash Mistry and the Savage Fortress’ than I did the hero, Ash. Ash was easy. He was 13, a bit geeky, and bit cowardly and had the same interests as most 13 yo boys. Which is hanging out with mates, playing computer games, and trying to talk to girls. I think having been one myself made it a lot easier. Ash is easy to understand. He’s just a normal kid. It is what happens to him that’s extraordinary and why we’re interested in the book. We want our characters to be thrown in the shark tank and we want to see what happens. Sink, swim, get chewed to death in a vortex of limbs, fins and blood, or they bite back.
Today I'm being aided by our main Chocolate Coconut Acolyte as she reviews three of the ten bars we're looking at. These three in fact: Almond Joy, Mallow Cup, and Cup O'Gold. Two of these I've heard of and two of these she heard of -- the same two. Neither of us was familiar with the Cup O'Gold from Hoffman's so I'm looking forward to learning more about that one in particular.The words in italics below are from her, our Chocolate Coconut Acolyte, I've only changed the fonts and added in her own photos as well as some historical information.
Can you see that you encounter obstacles (resistance) in your life because you’re not clear about what your needs and priorities are?
Following up on first novel Olivia is now in the picture and staring beside Harry Valentine in What Happens in London by Julia Quinn.
25. The Breakdowns-The Kids Dont Wanna Bop Any More (Rock Indiana)
this summer in a 3-bdrm, 3-
Even more graphically intense games such as Tiki Kart 3D ran without a hitch. You also can use the pre-installed Nvidia Tegra Zone app to take you straight to games optimised for Tegra devices if you fancy something more substantial than Cut the Rope.
FAMILY VALUES: There’s a good deal of violence action-style.
I’m stuck.
I found a few things. Some Sunday pants for Jim, a pair of jammie pants for Joe, an Easter dress for Eme, a baby doll dress/shirt for Emeline. Not too much. Mostly, I just had fun looking around and goofing off.
He took his cattle lorry out onto the road into the valley, drew it across so as to make any car wishing to pass slow to a crawl, and attached a hosepipe to the standpipe nearby.....then amused himself by aiming the hose at the open windows of the cars trying to pass, soaking the occupants.
my pants are not pressed
Men will always tell women that they don’t like heavy make-up. It’s just not true. What they are saying is that they hope you don’t need heavy make-up. Unless it’s garish, men generally can’t assess if a woman is wearing slap or not. There is an obvious cosmetic choice, however, that they universally like. No, love.
A LITTLE GULL was brought down to Sandford Lake by the showers yesterday afternoon, and pleasingly was still feeding vigorously when I arrived at 7pm. Digiscoping an active and erratic aerial feeder at up to 200m range with no scope adapter and fading light is not as easy at it sounds, but I had fun trying. The bird lacked a dark hood, with just a small dark mark behind the eye, and although the upperwing appeared to be unmarked, the underwing coverts were significantly paler grey than the charcoal grey remiges. To my mind, these two things suggest that it was probably a second-summer bird, and although illustrations and photos of this age usually show a dark hood, it doesn’t seem crazy to suggest that an immature might fail to, or be late to, acquire this feature relative to an adult. The bird was missing a right-central tail feather, in case a similar bird is relocated elsewhere.
I'd like to say a BIG thank you to my marker fairy god-mothers, Marianne, Nancy & Susan, for my lovely present.
I loved Zander and Grover. By far the best supporting cast and comedic relief I’ve seen in awhile! They are geeks, outcasts, and scholarship kids at this exclusive school. They’re pretty much nobodies, too. And they are made of awesome.
However, that does not mean the NL missed out on all the big-time free agents as the Marlins inked both Jose Reyes and the aforementioned Mark Buehrle.
The last four days have found me either languishing on the sofa, bed, or in my favorite chair. Some very nasty little guy at Walmart who was in the Christmas spirit decided to share his crud. If I live and if I find him, I will lick his face. Hard.
Winged Things sure was a fun challenge! Thank you for all the wonderful entries. Our sponsor last week was Sweet N Sassy stamps and they kindly donated 3 digis to the winner.
Using a mandoline or slicer, slice potatoes into 1/8-inch slices (very thin.) Layer 1/3 of the potato slices in the buttered casserole dish. Sprinkle on 1/3 of the ham/onion mixture, then 1/3 of the cheese, then pour on 1/3 of the cream mixture.
and wears a hand-painted Dress.
The best one was called Havanna. It’s known for being one of the finest alfajores brands, it’s café is top notch as well.
The last person to disturb the screens image was a small young woman with messy hair who came in looking frantic and clutching an audio tape.
But if we fear God, he motivates us, and the effect of his motivation will be that we obey him more. As a result we take our sin more seriously, loving the cross more and wanting to sin less.
The girls stayed with Nanny and Grandad for the night and had a whale of a time, feeding chickens, making me a birthday cake and eating ice cream. My initial worries of leaving RB for the first time soon disappeared with my stepmum giving me regular updates by text!
Here's the thing, however; I pick up the movie to read the back cover and see what extras, documentaries, this and that are contained therein, and I hear that thing that any DVD purchaser/collector dreads to hear when they pick up a DVD case:
Again, it took FOREVER at the check-out. I bet the people behind us weren't pleased. Oh well. When Jimmy finally got to pay, they said that his toy had been recalled, and he needed to get something else. Are you kidding me??? Do you know how long it took me to convince the kid to get that??? Sigh. We sent Jake back to get Spiderman of the same toy, and had to re-wait in line again. When we finally all got to the truck, Jake realized that he's left his stuff sitting on the quarter machines, so had to run back in. We were late for the pool, needless to say - hehehe.
Please keep my GF and her family in your thoughts and prayers. Thanks so much for visiting ~ hope you have a wonderful day! Be Sweet :)
The sun shone brightly on them half the day,
As soon as we have the return itenerary one of us will post it.
Lisa Congdon blew my head off with creativity when I first discovered her 2010 book A Collection a Day. I find her to be a true renaissance artist as she is a fine artist and illustrator, but also a curator and social scientist who makes us look at what we love and what we need to hold onto in this world. She makes me keep my eyes open wider.
3 tbsp minced garlic
across the back of his head pulling him closer down on her.His hands
as i close my eyes and walk slowly
Ok so today's challenges I'm entering are:
The spirit in my house has now decided that she is going to speak to ElderDaughter as well.
The rules for linking are the same...
The "gift from the gods" proved to be a mixed blessing when the tribesmen tussled over it and eventually used it as a weapon. To keep the peace in the village, Xi was assigned to take the bottle to "the end of the earth" and throw it back to the gods… and that is when the actual story begins.
And — and we have a bottom rate of 10 percent. I believe in a differential. I don’t believe in a flat tax. I believe in a simplified tax code with five deductions and — and focus on simplify, creating two rates.
Have you tried any Anastasia of Beverly Hills products?
I left Cam and Livi by themselves. I put them on speaker phone and wore my running shoes. I figured the school was just down the block- if I heard a fire break out I could call 911 and make it back before the fire truck got there.
1 - 16 oz package cubed ham ( I used 7 slices of lunch meat ham and cut it up into squares)
My questions hinged on the situation that I’ve been an artist for years, with all the same expenses, and I’m selling art I made before going pro. I had planned ahead and kept all my receipts. So can I deduct old expenses? Sometimes.
I notice by the perimeter
I briefly entertained the idea of selling and just getting the fuck out of Dodge. But then I thought... my work here isn't done.... but, poverty rears it's ugly head and I have to rethink my possibilities. I need to buy a cemetery plot here in the city of Rancho... and a sizable marker.
I like neurology. A lot. I will tell people more than they ever wanted to know about how brains work. I'm pretty into the physics of gymnastics as well, and I'm active in the neurodiversity movement. I was into genetics as well until a prof kind of ruined it for me; I'll be cool with it again in six months or so.
Tons of you were asking for more info so here you go!
- Clint Roenisch
Interestingly enough, although many people shut down and keep it all inside, his family chose to celebrate the time they did have with her by sharing stories, reconnecting with distant family (aka us) and breaking bread together. They talked about the good times, her funny quirks and how we will never forget her.
If you're low on cash, you could also help her by liking the Zeta Facebook page. They are trying to promote their own philanthropy of breast cancer awareness and education. Kevin Bacon is even officiating the Do Good Challenge! As one who teaches English, this was tough to do because the University's project is called the, "Do Good Challenge." Really Terps? You're college kids and should do WELL!
On the day that was supposed to be our first day of vacation, Ocean City was under a mandatory evacuation. We had no idea what was going to happen. There was a chance we wouldn't get to go on a vacation at all. But, instead of moping around about it, we decided to enjoy the day by going to one of our favorite places - Ohiopyle. It WAS on our "Summer To Do List" after all! (We crossed off 9 of the 12 items. The list was "Learn to Swim (sort of), Go to the Science Center, Ride the Alpine Slide at Seven Springs, Go Letterboxing, Go to "Castle Park", Go to Idlewild, Go to Ohiopyle, and Go to the beach!)
Amnesty International is pushing for Al-Raas’ release pending his appeal, all charges dropped, and letting him leave Bahrain.
This was one of the first shows Atticus and I ever watched together, back when we were dating oh-so-many years ago. A few months back, we watched it again and though it's now rather dated, it's really lovely, and funny and poignant and I loved it as much as I did the first time around.
This one is by far my favorite of the Protocols. I get such a warm feeling when I know I’ve helped ease someones hurt. However, I do need to work on taking proper care of myself, not pushing myself too hard, etc. Because, if I can minimize my own hurt, I can be more effective when I’m needed by others.
I wish we had more time to think about tomorrow but we’re just too busy worrying about today.
4. There! I've Said It Again
With my cousin/inaanak/online games tutor (yes, he’s the one who teaches me how to play online games and he’s only 7, fyi!) Cedrick to keep me company. He thought me how to play ddtank that day. Hahaha.
to go home with and spear her,
For the last three months God has been testing my patience. First it was the flu, cold and cough. Then i fell down and broke my leg. The latest is my liver and kidney going kaput! Do i seem like the easiest and convenient target for him? Or is this some new tactic in his book of tests coz I’ve had enough.
Haruki Murakami - Kafka on the Shore - For those who know me well, you know I am a Murakami fan and have read almost all of them, but never this one, even though it's one of his most popular. I guess there is a time for everything. And boy was I ready for this one. I LOVE THIS BOOK!!! I love the idea of leaving books on my travels and picking up new ones, wondering who might be the next reader. This book I am still holding onto even though I finished yesterday. I am carrying it around as a bible. This book is not your average fiction read, this book is about life philosophy. Very unexpected the reader gets a line of something special on every page. There are several parallel stories which merge in the end. Each story has it's own touch of life lessons behind, in the way things are happening, as well as the actual writing. In one story a boy is running away from home and in unusual ways is finding learning in his way. In another story we are introduced to a ever so slightly retarded old man, who in his simple ways teaches the way things are in his world. His language very much contains mainly of questions which then reveal simple life philosophical statements, that are for anyone to hear. I sucked in this book so much. The individual stories are grabbing and one can not wait for the continuation. This characteristic I am used to by the author and happy to find in this book again in the most brilliant way. I will leave the book at some point as one can not afford the extra weight, but am looking forward to one day in my live picking it up again only to find the special lines. Here a sample of what I am talking about:
I don't know what my problem is but I can't seem to wake up today. It happens from time to time - I feel lackadaisical, lazy, like a slacker. Maybe it's my diet, maybe I'm just getting old, perhaps it's because I do too much. Whatever the case, I'm tired of being tired.
…I got my brows & lip threaded. Now to most of you that probably doesn’t sound like the makings of a great day, but let me tell you, for someone with naturally thick, nicely-shaped brows that can turn into a hairy, unkempt mess without upkeep, it is perfection. When my brows look good, my whole face is brighter, and I feel lit-from-within pretty. And as much as I loving wearing makeup everyday, nothing in the world can replace that “makeup optional” feeling.
I am somewhat ashamed but know that a child like that wants attention and the gratification to see me upset. I also know that the harm of a false accusation on my part would be more shameful than just moving on.
Cooperative Longbow/Lancer 2007 was conducted in Albania and the following year’s exercise in Armenia. All five nations – Moldova, Albania, Armenia, Georgia and Macedonia – are deeply involved, either on their own territory or in neighboring nations, in one or more of the conflicts discussed above. In 2009 Armenia, Kazakhstan, Moldova and Serbia withdrew beforehand because of the Georgia-Russian war of a few months earlier and Estonia and Latvia did also because of an anti-government mutiny staged the day before the almost month-long exercise began.
This Court takes note of special circumstances relative to the case at bar. The Decision of this Court in G.R. No. 142738 categorically declared the lack of probable cause to indict petitioner for the same acts constitutive of the administrative charge against her, hence, it ordered the Sandiganbayan to dismiss the criminal case against petitioner and her co-accused. In the same vein, the COA Decision No. 2001-11 found no irregularity in the purchases by the NKTI of the blood bags from FVA and thus it lifted its previous disallowance of the payments to said purchases. Such determinations in favor of petitioner by other fora, independent they may be from the administrative action against her, serve as added reasons to warrant the taking of a hard look at the Ombudsman’s Memorandum Reviews.
So I kinda feel like we’re forming a n00b godspouse network here, in a good way, and so we’re gonna do a diff post today on the blog. Revi is also a Loki spouse, and we have gotten some questions on spousery that we’re gonna talk about (and do keep in mind we’re both new, so philosophy may change as time goes on).
- Front suspension and rear pneumatic tires guarantee a smooth ride
If you'd like to participate please copy your Halloween (Craft, Recipe, Decor, or idea) post link, a title (include your name if you want), and a brief description of what you're linking to.
I looked around and searching for new inspiration,
Jack (2 years 8 months): Grandpa drove Jack and his mom to Petco. While Mom was busy at the desk arranging grooming for pet cat Samantha, Jack excitedly took Grandpa into the store for a must-see: “The fish with whiskers”. (#616)
Yes, he said, but they are all Taiwanese and I don't like Taiwanese men. I can't stand them they turn me off. I want a white boyfriend.
That is what comes to mind when I reflect on all the accomplishments of Michelle Shining Elk.
It also appears to me that parts of the gay rights camp, including portions of the 'gay media', are too quick to try and make political gain from these tragic deaths. Although the Church is often falsely accused of being prejudiced or irrational, it amazes me how some commentators on the (supposedly 'rational') left are able to conjure up all kinds of assumptions concerning many of these suicides, well before any of the facts have been established. (Of course, this jumping the gun of natural justice is nothing new - only last week a Catholic school for girls was roundly condemned as 'intolerant' and 'biased' in the 'liberal' media, such as in the Pink News, on the evidence of one seemingly dissatisfied pupil, before the full facts had a chance to come to light.)
The Name of the Game
(Jesus is King of Kings)
It is very difficult being a Teacher.
1 1/2 C sugar
Facebook. But there are many more I never did read, and I apologise upfront for leaving out anyone
Fourthly, the status of teaching and teachers needs to be improved. Pay should follow needs, beginning with specially de- signed pay packets for teachers that reward them for furthering their education, extramural activity participation, etc. Finally, our consumerist culture needs to change. South Africans see no value in investing in books and reading, one of the major reasons for our public schooling systems failure.
As long as you have money, colour is blind.
1. Never add lemon juice to the marinade, this moistens the fish and will ‘break’ it up when smoked. Add lemon juice to the fish after it has been smoked and removed from the oven and whilst it is still hot.
So this brings me to the actual purpose of this blog post. I believe there are different levels of love. After telling Chef I “hearted” him, I took some time to explain what that means to me. These are my stages of love:
Rochelle Gomes, 68, said she attended the workshop because she wants to “keep up with the modern generation.” The retired federal government worker plans to use Twitter to keep in touch with her son and grandchildren.
Firstly, I don’t see why we want to restrict children and can’t expose children at an early stage to two or more languages since their brains are literally like sponges. It’s evident how quickly they pick up – Mittens has already long learnt how to count from 1 to 10 in Spanish, and I had to Google it and commit it to memory just to keep up with him. Perhaps teaching too many languages full on might be a bit much, but exposing them to several words or phrases can’t do any harm. Apart from learning Chinese in school and at home, I’ve also been trying to teach him how to count in Japanese and French.
And speaking of hoping...have you heard about the fun MilSpouse Appreciation Day Blog Hop being sponsored, starting this Friday, by the lovely ladies at Riding the Roller Coaster and Household 6 Diva? This Friday is MilSpouse Appreciation Day and the hop starts at noon! It is going to be a great way to discover and read new MilSpouse blogs and hopefully meet some new friends! For the rules of the hop and how to get linked up, stop by Riding the Roller Coaster or clicking on the link below.
Three WTK concerts in 1 month. Best idea ever!
And then a lady said it, "It's too yippee skippy."
D Rosier
Sparks moved to New York City and worked as a session musician for Blue Note and Prestige Records. As part of the burgeoning soul-jazz scene of the late 1960s and early 1970s, Sparks often backed organists like Jack McDuff, Dr. Lonnie Smith and Charles Earland. Sparks released his debut album, Sparks!, for Prestige in 1970.
but no doves.
I heard him give an impromptu speech at a writer’s conference several years ago. The conference was at Wheaton College. Chuck Colson was speaking at another conference at the college. Robert Walker, who ran the conference, saw him and asked him to stop by and say a few words to us. I don’t remember what he said but I remember feeling awe.
Anyway - this mum said to me, "When you're in the moment (ie, when Maddy was in NICU), you just have to survive - you don't think about how you're coping, you just do. People tell you that they're amazed how you manage it all, but the truth is, you don't have any alternative. In some ways, looking back on that time after it's all over is even more traumatic than it was going through it, since you're not running on that adrenalin any more".
– Nearly Half in U.S. Say There Are Too Many Inmates, 1/5 Could be Freed
The House set aside, more accurately, ignored a bill sponsored by Massachusetts Congressman John Tierney that would pay for continued student loan subsidies and prevent the rate increases by eliminating some tax breaks for big oil and gas companies. Instead, Speaker Boehner put up a Republican sponsored bill which passed that would preserve low interest rates at the expense of a disease prevention fund in the Affordable Care Act, a fund that provides cervical and breast cancer screenings, among other things.
He told me he was very excited for us. And then he said, “If you wouldn’t mind, I would like to pass your case along to a lady that works in the office here. But I want to make sure you are okay with that because you KNOW her.” Then he told me her name, which is Kallie, who was one of my college suitemates and still is one of my close friends. He had JUST hired her as a case worker!
(As a youth I was desperate to get a puppy, so I memorized the Encyclopedia of Dogs in an attempt to prove to my parents that I was knowledgeable enough to handle the task. I finally got the dog: Katie, the Cairn Terrier, the first of my scruffy dogs. For some reason that near-encyclopedic knowledge of dog breeds has managed to stick with me all these years. I probably could have used that memory space for something more important, like remembering family birthdays or the names of people I've met at work functions, but no).
and now..back to that barn.....
Don't tell my (reluctant) helpers that I said so.
During my query research, I came across Avalon Publishing. I was very interested in them because they published clean books. I write Clean Historical Fiction/Romance so was anxious to submit to them and hear back.
Packed lunches
Rudeness is the weak man’s imitation of strength.
Anddd I'm over and out. Should I have recapped the Juno's instead? I guess we'll never know. I hope you've enjoyed.
He was one of the residents I truly enjoyed interacting with on the days I worked.
Our country’s negotiated war has proved this assertion.
In 2009, BuzzFlash interviewed Pierce for one of our weekly conversations with authors — and it still offers delightful insight about how so many Americans have entered an alternative universe based on a world view that doesn’t correspond to reality.
So what is the use of Article 5 of the Human Rights Act?
Wonder Boy's visit to the pediatric orthopedic surgeon went fine. Poor guy, he is apparently prone to muscle spasms that cause him to hunch over and scuttle around for a week or so from time to time. We can now confirm that his bones are normal, but as far as getting rid of the muscle spasms? No one can say. I have some vague memory from pregnancy that potassium helps muscle spasms, so I'm stuffing the poor boy with bananas.
But the bill is far more alarming than that. For example, “the head of a department or agency of the Federal Government receiving cyber threat information…shall provide such cyber threat information to the National Cyber security and Communications Integration Center of the Department of Homeland Security.” No actual threat need be made. And what counts as “threat information” is defined so broadly that it can mean anything. “Notwithstanding any other provision of law,” the government may rely on “cyber security systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information.”
That I've never shown before
Over the years, we’ve all learned to love that phrase “squeaky clean.” It conjurs up images associated with a nice shower, a sweet-smelling baby, or our favorite soap. Unfortunately, what makes us feel the “squeaky” when we’ve washed our hands is actually not clean. It’s grime, germs, and dead skin cells trapped in soap scum on our skin! The culprit of squeaky clean? Hard water.
Leggings: Grunge Cupcake Leggings-Pink- Orsini (Kawaii Fair Item)
A place that night in the Officers’ Mess,
But I have a quick question for you! Is it okay to say, "Happy Lent!" ?
With the housing market and economy being what they are, it's impossible to predict how long it will take to actually sell the house, but she was being realistic though hopeful that it wouldn't take too long.
In the Land of Hatchy Milatchy
Pebble soup has teamed up with TOTAL Greek Yoghurt to give one reader the chance of winning a healthy start up pack.
But I go there by train, elevator, chairlift or car!! And after I’ve seen enough I go into the restaurant, order a coffee and enjoy the time until the next drive down is scheduled… THIS is how I enjoy mountains…
What are good examples of independent journalism taking on critical issues?
He took his vorpal sword in hand:
I’m over here trashing this film like no other but I honestly can’t say that I didn’t laugh at this because believe it or not, there were a couple of real chuckles that come out of me during this one. I knew what to expect from The Stooges right beforehand so all of the hitting and biting was a little annoying for me, but the moments when Larry is dropping puns out the wah-zoo all had me laughing and even a couple of other wise-cracks throughout the film had me cracking up too. Probably my favorite part of this whole movie that may be worth the price of admission (that is, if you go to see this) is when Moe gets to go on “Jersey Shore” and he practically beats the crap out of every cast member, Stooges style. It was very funny to see not only because I would love to see these bastards actually get beat up like this in real-life, but because it showed a pop-culture reference that actually worked here even though having the cast on is pretty much a pop-culture reference in and of itself.
Not only that but there is a cafe, a bar and even music.
And finally another one with lots of superhero names, but this time in bright comic colours.
“After many years of hard work by our development team and months of beta testing by hundreds of thousands of dedicated players around the world, we’re now in the homestretch,” explained Mike Morhaime, the president of Blizzard Entertainment. “We look forward to putting the final polish on Diablo 3 over the next two months and delivering the ultimate action-RPG experience to gamers worldwide starting on May 15.”
Focus on the Family believes that every student—no matter who they are or what they believe—should be protected from harm. But at the same time, laws should not be passed that can used as tools to sexualize and politicize the entire school environment. There are good alternatives that provide protection to kids, but avoid entrapment in identity politics—such as the fair and objective model anti-bullying policy language drafted by the Alliance Defense Fund.
David looked towards the windows where one of the men in black gave him a thumbs up. “Because you’re not sure where you want to go, you are vulnerable to stay here and never move on. You walked away from your invitation. So did they. If you stay here long enough, you won’t be allowed to move on. Not even if you want to. It’ll corrupt your mind, your thinking. You’ll become like them.”
5. Skin City (02:52)
3. I like cats, but I love dogs and I’m freakin’ terrified of Chickens. Oh I took up Veterinary Medicine in College. I hated Poultry Class.
4) 17 Purdue Boilermakers (29-5, 10-2) @ Nebraska Cornhuskers (25-13, 7-5), Haymarket Park @ Hawks Field/Lincoln, NE
A collection of shorter writings by Packer and another guy, Mark Dever, on the cross. Dever’s bits are okay, but you’re reading this for Packer’s stuff. Probably more demanding than the other books so far on this list, but the effort will pay dividends. And who doesn’t want to understand the cross a bit more than they already do?
They did exactly that. When you get to the edge where the woods meets the talus slope, a series of stepping stones leads you upward. This is the beginning of the Balanced Rock Trail.
Neighbours. They’re rather tricky.
was on leave of absence as the
yet this new sensation is nice...
Mr. Sapiens: Yeah, I guess it’s my fault then. I am still having problems evacuating my bowel after the solution you gave me in our previous conversation (the call 1).
Melanie bristled, thinking he was disparaging her concern, but the intent way he studied the scene made her realize he took her seriously.
An overlooked singer who made the nightclub rounds and entertained fans of what’s referred to as “good music” because that’s what it is. These three seperate volumes contain what many call “the good old songs.”
I've been on a bit of a roller coaster for the past 36 hours or so. I've had amazingly positive things happen that have left me awestruck, wondering what I have ever done to deserve such luck. But there have also been a number of moments, some stretching into longer periods, where I have simply been off my game. Nothing major, I'm sure, but something inside just isn't quite right just now.
Thats right! You definitely read that right, I MADE $0.65 off CVS for this shopping trip!!! Dont ask me how, usually I think you have to add an item to make up for the money, but I think this guy was new and didnt really know what he was doing, so he opened the drawer and handed me the $0.65 that it said I had made! I would have corrected him, except I am not sure of the policy on this....and they where pretty busy. So shame on me, but hey how exciting is that?!
Nutrition: My diet is pretty simple: I have green juice first thing in the morning, then a green smoothie mid-morning, a big ol' salad for lunch with an avocado and a sprinkle of a handfull of nuts, and a blended green soup for dinner. In the smoothie I add chia seeds and goji berries and a superfood powder called "super reds" that has everything from goji berries, acai, beet powder, blue berries and probiotics. In the blended soup it is half greens (and I am rotating my greens better!) and the other half tomato, carrot, celery, onion, lots of garlic, more chia, and VitaMineral Green. (The garlic and chia are for my cholesterol reduction program.)
It is true that there are some things I was dying to blog about but have held off due to privacy concerns. To name a few: the feeling when you find out a girl has a crush on your son, what it feels like to know your son has a crush on a girl, and raging hormones of the teen years and how hard it is to live with a moody teen.
and how fun is that our medalists are from all around the world!? i love the global spirit of handmaking!
Your shining loyalty unflecked by doubt,
The necklace is the only thing that breaks the combo, but ohmygod just look at it!♥♥♥
What is really sad is that Seau was just 43-years-old who had four children with his ex-wife.
Mineral oil is not easily absorbed into your skin (it has nothing your skin needs) so it sits on top of your skin. Many experts will say that this is more of a moisturizing effect since it does not let any moisture escape your skin. This may be true, but it also does not let your skin breathe, or absorb any more moisture. I’d find that products with mineral oil (specifically my Shesido eye cream) looked like they were moisturizing on the surface, because it was forming a shiny, oily layer on top of my skin. Underneath it was really drying out my skin, so over time, my fine lines actually got worse! If I only knew!
Thanks for not being work.
You became a hero and a villain,
WE AT THE DENVER NEWSPAPER GUILD consider ourselves partners with Denver Post management in the effort to position the newsroom and the company to thrive in the new media environment. However, we disagree in the strongest possible terms with the company’s decision to lay off two-thirds of the paper’s copy editors. We feel it is a shortsighted cost-cutting measure that will irreparably damage The Denver Post.
Or is it? We hadn't thought we were small-minded parents of narrow vision. But doubts emerged. How would a child for whom every stimulating educational luxury has been afforded cope with the realities of first jobs or of no jobs? With the mundanity of filing, with necessary but repetitive tasks, or with getting up in the middle of the night, again, sleepless, again, to change a filled nappy? Brilliant, life-enhancing opportunities, but leading to a sense of unrealistic entitlement? Who knows.
Okay! One thing, I was nearly the only one from my class who god damn it didn't have internetconnection!!!
A prisoner sentenced to thirty years because of his part in a terrorist plot to use his position with British Airways to help him blow up an airliner in flight has complained that he is not being allowed to use the Skype system to make overseas calls from prison. The sad thing is that the authorities are listening to him and his complaint has been referred to some official body. He should have been laughed at and his complaint filed in the dustbin where it belonged.
The FDA has listed shellac as Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS) for human consumption. Anything I put into my body better not be listed with a “Generally…” I am not willing to wait and see if the food I am consuming is going to be “generally” safe. After all, how healthy could mixing the shellac in denatured alcohol be for you? One look at the MSDS sheet for denatured alcohol will have you shaking your head! Take a look:
All of the above must despise the color orange.
So pardon me as I dance around the room singing, "Don Reid of the Statler Brothers e-mailed me! He liked my review! My six degrees of separation to the country music world has been cut tremendously!" Wow, that is a wordy little ditty to sing!
This morning I bought a one-way ticket to Ecuador. I'll leave my lovely Tina in just one month.
And I'm curious...what does it mean to you?
Wasn't so lucky with the weather on Saturday for my craft fair - 85 m winds but I'm amazed anyone came & even tho I'd hoped for a big weeks shop worth of takings I at least got a small weeks shop worth. Still lucky, I guess.
Maybe this means that my kids are turning a corner and will start getting along better! I sure hope so! :)
What Skrebowski offers is a sound rejoinder to those economists who say that peak oil theorists don't take into account economic factors--factors which those economists say will solve the problem of peak oil whenever it arrives by destroying demand and making substitutes profitable. For now, however, we can see that the economic factors are not really solving the problem of peak oil, but possibly feeding it. That's not something most economists will be able to hear. And, it describes a pattern that will likely only confuse the public and policymakers even though Skrebowski has explained it in terms that any thoughtful person can understand--if only they want to.
My sweet FB friends all chimed in on
My partner in crime,
Anecdotes wise, the fact that we were in an old tobacco factory and every couple of feet there was sign that read “NO SMOKING” or “ABSOLUTELY NO SMOKING”, was pretty funny.
Fermement, à haute voix, il dit sa coulpe.
my favorite part of the whole day was watching the two of them
Finally, on Mother's day in 2008 right after I graduated & moved home from college my mom gave in.
Commenting here yesterday, somebody said apropos of a certain childhood syndrome:
FN10 Kramer v. Elrac, Index No. 105273/2009 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Co. Jan. 18, 2012) (defendant did not inquire at plaintiff’s deposition regarding her use of social media and did not establish a factual predicate with respect to the relevancy of the evidence sought, and the contention that plaintiff “must have” further electronic communications regarding her damages, in addition to what was produced, was insufficient to warrant discovery of plaintiff’s Facebook and other social media accounts); see Sterling v. May, Index No. 106943/2009 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Co. Nov. 22, 2011) (plaintiff’s testimony that she had a Facebook account, in and of itself, was insufficient to establish a factual predicate necessary for disclosure of such records).”
Lori entered THREE times. She made her comment on our BLOG
Titled JC, the series depicts Christ as a "regular guy" who moves to New York to "escape his father's enormous shadow".
Traditionally, an agent provocateur (plural: agents provocateurs, French for “inciting agent(s)”) is an agent employed by the police or other entity to act undercover to entice or provoke another person to commit an illegal act. More generally, the term may refer to a person or group that seeks to discredit or harm another by provoking them to commit a wrong or rash action.
The results of its own consumer research played a big role in management formulating its green economy lending and investment and community-focused environmental initiatives. “Our research shows more than 80 percent of our consumers think environmental issues are important,” said Mary Wenzel, Wells Fargo’s director of Environmental Affairs.
Atlas.
I'm painting a mural-type thing, which is a really big project that is going to take forever!
And oh so many, many more. These are just some of the things I found while looking online. I know that we're going to find a ton more things to do. We'll find our favorite parks and free activities, and the more time we're there, the more we'll add to our list. I can't wait to start exploring, and I want to be able to keep track of the places we've been and the places we want to go. So, I'm adding a whole new section to my HMB, the Family Fun section. And since I was playing online tourist today, what better way to start off the section than with a list of places to go! Here it is:
Or is the zombie, language itself (at least English). Zombies to the virus, language. Or is it Capitalism with it’s need to fetishize differences and assess value. Or are they one in the same, a language-based psychoanalytic drive to define self and other in object relations and at as many levels as possible. An Adam-instinct to name things. And if the Order of Things is at least somewhat culturally constructed, then we are creating the dualisms we perceive (at least in part). How we understand the difference of zombies and creatives is a narrative choice related to Latour’s terms “mediators” and “intermediaries” about how to account for agency in a system. And as with the Pasteurization of France, the narrative choices are significant to the development of the cultural knowledge and practices, almost moreso than the scientific advances themselves.
Feminism, as I’ve discussed previously, was not originally about women being manly, shaped in the image of the revered and envied white male (that’s just what it became); it was about actual equal rights in voting (suffrage), property ownership, and employment. It got twisted, savagely and unrelentingly, by leftists who understood that women, like black people and every other invented and segregated “group,” could be manipulated to work against their own best interest.
Among the more interesting items (in my opinion) up for sale: 20-foot Teepee poles with Teepee liner, Thunderbird Hotel Indian artifacts, handmade Old West grave markers, wooden saddle rack, helmet with horse hair tail and steer horns, very old cactus skeleton and the upper half of a bison skull (8,000 BC) verified by the University of Minnesota/Bell Museum of Natural History.
Looking back, we laugh at how silly we were to even bother going. Things are vastly different now. We are tightwads and also parents. IF we go to the Cheesecake Factory, it's because we have a gift card (Number 1) and then we share a main course so we can splurge on cheesecake. We'd never pay money to listen to Top 40 hits while hanging out with friends in formal wear (proof: we skipped out on Dill's 10-year reunion last year). And actually, when we ARE lucky enough to have a night to ourselves, we usually put on our unsightly "comfies" (my word for pajamas), crash on the bed and watch Netflix while munching on popcorn. We're klassy like that.
wifeless, without a child,
CSI was launched on 6 January and got a flying start! really such a fantastic thing with more than 300 people checkin out the site that first day!
2. Impressions
Remained spiritually deaf and blind. She had
And here's where the WABAC machine took me when I started reading this story... I belonged to a Boy Scout Troop in my little hometown in east Tennessee when I was growing up. There were two Boy Scout Troops in Kingston, one of them very large, popular, and fun. The other troop was ours. Small, dull, and anything BUT fun to belong to.
One thing I did learn is that a Home Office briefing on the proposed new bill is floating about on the internet - it is here on the DeHavilland site, for instance - but we were assured that things have moved on since it was written
The gold cost here is relatively small, but farming Kurenai rep will take a while. The best way to do this is to complete all the quests in Nagrand and then kill ogres/cultists in Nagrand. Lots of them. Keep killing them until you hit Exalted. You can hand in the warbeads that drop from ogres for Kurenai rep too, or you can keep them for Consortium rep if you are achievement hunting in general.
The challenge? Using "Bunny Parade" (or any other Hambo image), make an EASEL CARD using the spring colors of lavender, yellow, pink, green and blue! Choose at least THREE of those colors for your card. (Bonus points if you use all five!) If you're new to making easel cards, HERE is an easy-to-follow tutorial by Beate Johns. Any variation of an easel card is fine, as long as it meets the basic easel rule -- it should prop itself up. :)
I also love the fact that unschooling allows us the freedom to focus on the application of what we have learned, if we so choose. So much of our Sad American Scholastic System is designed around helping students reach specific goals in order to get into college and enter the workforce as productive Americans. That completely discounts two things. First of all, stating that all children need to operate from the same exact body of knowledge completely negates everything I said above, that is to say that it dismisses the way people actually learn best and how critical learning choices are to maintaining a love for learning throughout your life. But worst of all, by saying that we all need to know the same things in order to succeed in the world, it discounts the fact that this world is a crazy and complex place. I feel very comfortable saying that what we need is fresh and unique perspectives to solve some of our problems and inequities, not a bunch of sheeple who have been born and bred in a world of doctrine and routine.
An incredibly talented musician and good friend, Nathan Morgan, was jumped while he was in Harlem a few days ago. Good vibes and prayers are with him through this very difficult point in his life. He had to have some re-constructive surgery on some facial bone fractures, and hopefully he will emerge just as attractive and stronger from this ordeal.
Here's a little peek at one of the cuties...
I leave my car unlocked and the windows open when I pop into the
Here are some indicators. Sea levels were rising about 3mm a year until last year; this would have lead to an increase of 270mm by the end of the 21st century; since last year, however, they have dropped. Since satellite measurements began in 1978, the Antarctic has been getting colder and its ice increasing. Since 1978, the Arctic ice decreased until 2007, and has recovered somewhat since then; open water at the North Pole happened throughout the 20th century; I have a picture of the US submarine Skate in open water at the North Pole in March 1959.
The good life is in some degree “contemplative”—that is, it requires the space in which I can scrutinise myself, learn something of self-criticism and thus, potentially, of irony. And for a habit of ironic self-awareness to be generated, we need some concept or image of what is normatively human that does not simply become an oppressive stereotype—a good myth, you might say; we need the saint or hero to illustrate what the well-lived life might look like. This in turn requires, as the authors indicate without too much elaborating the point, a doctrine of the cardinal virtues—another bit of revived Aristotelianism. What are the habits and practices that will educate our passions and allow us to shape a credible narrative of the self, understood against the backdrop of some idea of what the “excellence” of human nature might consist in?
Recently a march was held, a march that in itself is propaganda, for it uses the very patriotism of the people, the very great love we have for the armed forces and utilises it to augment support for the fictitious war on terror. Yet the sham marches wherein the country pays homage to the fallen are nothing more than that, as each and every coffin contains a son or daughter that died needlessly, they did not, and I must make this plain, die for their country, they may have fought under our countries flag which is laudable enough but they did not fight for this country. This country is not under military attack, no tanks deposited on beaches, no ships upon the horizon, nothing but relative peace as far a s the eye can see, yet our government sees fit to marshal our troops, ready them for battle and deploy them because another nation tells them to. So they die, part of a coalition sent into another’s country, what would you do, succumb, make merry or fight should you have the weapons, to the death, I lament the loss of our troops but again they did not and are not fighting for us, for this country but for the ambitions of the elite, our troops are being used, murdered by the elites in order to fulfil their plans.
I just watched footage from the 12/10/03 press conference announcing the Atlantic Yards project. (Go to this list and find the December 10 "Economic Development Announcement.")
What about the BME child who speaks two languages and can swear and make racist remarks in a language without being caught out, who will police this situation?.
1/2 teasp bicarb. soda
CAC cart- pg. 52 Sun 3"
And the fact that we have absolutely NO idea what kind of animal could be making that sound is the only reason we've let this go on as long as it has. But we haven't slept for two fucking weeks now! Enough is enough.
“The nature of injuries sustained in military-style attacks on farms and suburban houses are not of a civil or even criminal nature."
Beam wing
3 ) When your boyfriend starts asking for his stuff back from you: “Hey, can I get that sweater back that I lent you?”
food is certainly a big part of the holidays around here....
His new friend Luke, son of Hermes,; god of thieves and travelers, gave him a pair of rubber shoes that has wings, but since he should avoid air for Zeus might snap him to death like a fly, Percy gave the magic shoes to Grover, who delightfully accept it… Percy, leaves the camp with his new-found friend, Annabeth, daughter of Athena and Grover, the satyr.
For the last four years J has been lucky enough to go for regular swimming lessons with his school using public pools. It is something he adores and has made steady progress at, from his initial wariness to his recent total body submerges! (Definitely better than his Mum who still can’t swim and would never dream of putting her head under!!!) In fact earlier in the year he achieved his *Duckling* certificate complete with a cute little badge to sew on his trunks.
Anyway....onto my card and I have used sweet Delia from Sugar Nellie which was released back in October. This sweetie was from a gorgeous collection of 11 cute fairy stamps (and I so needed them all..hehehe..)...and she is one of my faves..so love her pretty frock...and gorgeous hair too....
When - April 1-30
Side B: Revenge, This Town, Kick Start
My dabbling in online dating continues to be interesting, often funny. I’m going into this to expand my social life and meet good men who might become friends, or provide an hour of interesting conversation, or stimulate me to pursue a deeper relationship – or just remind me why I enjoy my single life. I’m not earnestly seeking a soul mate or looking to get married.
1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper, or to taste
And far from being a prisoner of conscience during his time as inmate 46664, Mandela was jailed for advocating the violent overthrow of the government. In his quarter of a century in prison, Mandela refused to publicly renounce terrorism as a weapon.
There's nothing that rubs endurance athletes more wrong than raw nipples. Today on Endurance Planet, a Bad Ben's Chronicles edition, we hear from the head trail nerd about how athletes can avoid chafing on those long training runs and races.
The phrase “You have faith” in the above verse could also be imperative: “Have faith.”
Check out what these talented bloggers came up with:
I got to Huntsville (the town it's held in) around 4 on Friday afternoon. It's tradition to head to the local bar that is home to the ruggers, and my brother calls it the best bar on the Earth. I have to agree. It's a great place, everyone knows everyone, the owner's super understanding of the crazy rugby players that pay his light bill every month, and the jukebox has got awesome music on it. My brother and his girlfriend Stephanie showed up about 10-15 minutes after I did, and the party was on.
I pray for our pastor Joel as he begins preparing for next Sunday’s message. Give him supernatural strength for his duty.
1/4 cup organic granola
The different direction Bouwer took musically was interpreted by many as strange, and critics had much to say about selling out… and a changing, – even altered – personality. “I definitely have not changed, regarding who I am,” Bouwer argues. “The Bouwer from Straaligkinders is still the guy I am today. The fact that I have a new approach to music does not mean I changed who I am. It means that I have a different approach… there is other things I now want to write about, and get off my chest.” “People,” he continues, “need to remember -, I am a musician. This is what I do. It’s my job. So I also need to produce music that will keep me alive. I guess the irony behind this, is that I am way poorer now, with my more toned down act, than I was with Straatligkinders.”
Romeo X Juliet - Vanilla Twilight
WARNING: YOU ARE SUPERUSER !!
They get to her house and her dad was straight up Chris Cooper in American Beauty, the kind of guy who collects Nazi china and might try to molest you in the garage. They ate a super uncomfortable dinner that made me feel like there were ants chewing on my eyeballs and that still seemed better than actually being at the dinner. The worst part was the producers and editors weren’t trying to make it seem that bad. It just was. You could cut her dad 20 ways and he’d still be a prick.
Whoa! Are you serious?!
So I am very thankful for my beads. And for my husband who understands why I stay up all night working and playing with my beads!
“Well, I’ll be frank, it’s because my name sucks.”
I've realized that the only people I can please are the ones who want me to.
Bankrate’s survey includes data provided by the top 10 banks and thrifts in the top 10 markets.
To tell you guys the truth, of course the story is great, with its complications about the characters and the reincarnation stuff that’s going on with Luce, I just thought that the story is much of a cliche. However, I’d like to give it a chance, especially because the story is growing more intense as it goes. Don’t get me wrong, I like the story. It isn’t predictable, that I can assure you, which I really like. And you’ll keep on reading it, you will never actually notice that you already finish it. Then, there’s the cliffhanger. Damn! =)) With its heart-felt, bound-to-be-forever romantic relationship of Luce and Daniel, it was a joy reading it. Especially now that the demons and angels are on a truce just to save Luce. Some characters are added to the story, one of which is Miles, Luce’s Shoreline friend who admitted that he loves Luce, and lucky for him, Luce is having the rough time processing if she really wants to be with Daniel, inclusive of unbelievable complications. Luce is yet to find who she really is. The novel provided some action as well. The demons and angels fighting together against the Outcasts. Some adrenaline to balance the romantic atmosphere, eh?
Measure it roundly.
"Pretending to be Girl Scouts, we hiked to Clay Mountains. Lost, exhausted and thirsty, we finally made our way home after ten hours. We were so excited to see the outline of our camp against the sunset sky. No one had missed us, since it was still light outside at 7pm."
We make a great team! It feels amazing to actually be super inspired again and draw a lot. I had a terrible terrible artist dry spell for like a good year and a half. I couldn't draw anything!
I walk with you for a minute, for a moment for a lifetime and never tire of your company.
All inclusive rate CANNOT exceed $48/hour corp
If you do decide to read it, I recommend starting at the bottom, doing only a little at a time and balancing it with positive, uplifting spiritual material of your own choosing:
That letter I wrote was not some idealistic rambling. It has been my reality. I have relied heavily on a small community of gunnies that have followed my journey. They know me. They know my story and they have invested in my healing and growth. They are who I go to, a lot.
In a lot of ways, I’m hard on high fantasy because I’ve read so much of it over the years making me less of tolerant of some of the tropes of the genre. I truly don’t mean to pick The Girl of Fire and Thorns to pieces because it was a satisfying and enjoyable read, and I do look forward to next two books in the trilogy. (And I very much appreciated that this book had a definite ending instead of a cliffhanger.) But there were issues that niggle and that are possibly a function of this being the author’s debut novel.
I don't want to go through the post-surgical hypothyroidism caused by the period between when I will have no TSH running through my system and when I'll be able to start taking the synthetic TSH and get it adjusted to a point where I can have some semblance of normalcy. Wondering what some of the things that happen when you have hypothyroidism? I was too, so I looked it up. Check out this barrel of laughs:
Features and facilities:
but remember there is a price to pay
"O lovely Pussy, O Pussy, my love,
Beck is a young program who becomes the skillful leader of a revolution inside the computer world of The Grid. His mission is to free his home and friends from the reign of the villainous Clu 2 and his henchman General Tesler. Beck will be trained by Tron – the greatest warrior the Grid has ever come to know. Tron will not only teach Beck the fighting and light cycle skills he needs to challenge this brutal military occupation, but he will be a guide and mentor to him as he grows beyond his youthful, impulsive nature into a courageous, powerful, strong leader. Destined to become the next Tron of the system, Beck adopts Tron’s persona and becomes the archenemy of General Tesler and his oppressive forces
from Hallmark press release-
Roll chilled dough into 1/2 inch thickness and cut dough with desired shaped cookie cutters. Then transfer chilled dough to parchment lined baking sheets and chill in freezer for 10 minutes. With an exacto knife or these Halloween cutters cut dough into desired Halloween shapes. Chill dough again until firm (about 15 minutes.) Bake in oven for 7-10 minutes or until light golden color but not browned. Cool cookies on racks. Repeat this for all of the dough.
ETA: Also, I forgot to note that I do wonder if B is really shutting down the place because I did that fucked up thing where I made the comments go backwards-wise and I never figured out how to fix it and everyone just hella hates it still. My bad, y'all. I broke the place.
we fail to give it a place in ordinary life.”
I think, emotionally.… It definitely took its toll. Definitely,It’s the human experience,of any death. You know, that’s what the heart does. Things are given to us, and things are taken away. And I think the heart becomes stronger, more capable. I look at him as the one of the few people I was able to listen to growing up as a child, he grew up with so many of us and that was my first album that my father bought me willingly! ( INSERT A SCREAM FACE HERE )
ChristieO wants us to write a letter to ourself about the things that happen in 2012 from the point of view of it being 2013. Confused? Yeah, me too! But what a great exercise in goal setting! I did it last year and didn't have great success, but this year will be different! Read and enjoy the year that I'm about to embark on.
Perhaps the best description I can think of for Anvil! is that it’s a cross between This is Spinal Tap and American Movie. But while there are plenty of laughs in Anvil! - some of which the subjects are probably unaware of – the movie is more about struggle and dedication, and less about laughing at talentless, self-deluded hacks. Steve “Lips” Kudlow and Robb Reiner, the heart and soul of the metal band Anvil, have been at it for 30 years, with one big flashpoint in the early 80’s and a lot of playing at sports bars and in European dungeons for ten or twelve people a show. Though they occasionally show signs of giving up the rock n’ roll dream, they remain committed to staying together, making music, and hoping for that big break.
I have a meeting with a publisher at a conference at the end of the month. I will be presenting them several chapters and a proposal. Do you have any recommendations on how I should present it to them (bound, in a folder, loose, etc.)?
Sat.-Sun., Oct. 21-22: North by Northwest Oktoberfest — We always enjoy this one. I don't think I've fully sung the praises of this brewpub nearly enough. Their food and beer both are excellent, and this event always has a nice strong bock (among other choices), tasty German food, polka bands, and activities for the kids. Any event that lets me drink beer while my kids have fun is a good thing. Which leads me to my don't-miss event of the year …
Anyway, I get up to pee and I almost fall over. Like… extreme vertigo. My ears are ringing and my stomach feels like I’m on a boat in the middle of a hurricane and I’m holding on to the dresser as I stumble to the bathroom and I feel absolutely drunk, for lack of a better term. I’m disoriented and confused and nauseous and warm and shaking and I stare at myself in the mirror and I look totally fine. So I decide I must have gotten up too fast and I’m fine and I pee and go back to bed. But the feeling doesn’t go away. I lie in bed and toss and turn Caleb yells out in his sleep and my room swirls around me and I see things I can’t understand or explain, just shadows and nuances of shadows, things that aren’t really there and I know they aren’t there but at the same time I can’t really convince myself they aren’t there. It all sounds ridiculous as I type this, but I know what happened and I know it was terrifying. I pray and I hold on to Caleb and I pray more and I lie tense in bed, sweaty and sick, and I wait for sleep because normally sleep finds me when things like this happen.
Now….who wants to come with us?!
Have to get a word in before the weekend; which promises to be cold, snowy, & busy!
Porque (‘why’ in Portuguese).
It has been a very difficult summer. When I started this blog I was just trying to keep a journal for myself to help me remember the things I had been doing. One of the medications I take really effects my memory and getting older just adds to that. It was also effecting my cognitive functioning so that writing was very difficult. Since my poor memory and cognitive functioning was making me depressed I decided to reduce and then stop that medication. This was not a good idea. (This seems to be a lesson many folks with bipolar have to learn over and over.) I think things would not have been too bad but I was hit with a string of separate events that had me worrying for the lives of both of my sons and my father. A few other difficult, but minor by comparison, losses and troubles added to the burden and I cracked a bit. Except for the lessons learned through these trials I would rather not remember much of what happened since I last wrote.
I’ll stop here as I don’t want to write too much, but will just say there is a great deal more to both films than this, above all the humour - and also they both have wonderful supporting casts. I especially enjoyed Dame Sybil Thorndike’s performance in The Prince and the Showgirl, and Dame Judi Dench playing Dame Sybil in My Week with Marilyn, as well as Zoe Wanamaker as Monroe’s Method acting coach, Paula Strasberg.
The designers in question might be irritated by these copies but sometimes they do indeed fight back. Gucci is in the middle of a nasty court battle with Guess over copyright infringement of their signature logo, which Guess is denying, but we all know it is in fact true. The Italian label’s signature GG logo has been plastered on Guess products for years and it seems Gucci finally had enough of the knockoff charade accusing the company of a “massive, complicated scheme to knock off Gucci’s best-known and iconic designs”.
The Vampire Next Door
I think many of us assume our friends already know this: They must know what we appreciate about them because we spend so much time together. But they may not know the full story, and who deserves to realize this type of appreciation more than a friend?
I can't drink much when I play - you wouldn't want to hear the results. But during my second break, when there was only about 35 minutes left to play, I did sneak into the tasting room.
I will admit I am feeling pretty uninspired these days. Just feeling like everything looks the same. SO when I saw Julie's stunning creation it literally made me scrap lift it (with her permission of course!!). I just wanted to create something that looked like that and I had so much fun :) Thank you Julie for the inspiration and for letting me use your layout :)
oh and she was a film student before becoming a model. yeah, let the cool barometer riiise.
Facts are facts, and McBride’s insinuation that “context” could somehow transform Murphy’s factual errors into “facts” is absurd. But context does matter in interpreting factual errors. That Murphy’s factual errors weren’t random but almost always tilted against the lacrosse players suggests she wasn’t simply amazingly sloppy (a problem that in and of itself would seem to disqualify someone as a Poynter source or seminar instructor). Instead, Murphy’s fabrications bolstered her preconceived views, suggesting deliberateness to her fabrications.
Have always scribbled and always will, I relate everything to drawing no matter the medium, graphite, paint and thread are all just different ways to make your mark.
6. Marion Jones – Tulsa Shock
Thanks to CLIVE BURR and NOEL BUCKLEY for kindly donating this item.
So I put in a call to the man at my church that heads up Mexico missions and said that I didn’t know how but I wanted to get involved somehow with missionary work again (I’ve been on several long and short trips to Mexico and New Orleans after Katrina) and medical missions in particular has always been an interest of mine even though I’m not in the medical field. I left a message.
I never understood why she didn’t just dive in every time. What I also didn’t understand, but now do, is that there was a freedom in both ways of entering the pool. And the beauty of both was: the utter lack of self-consciousness in the acts. Sometimes she wanted to gradually move into the pool. Sometimes she wanted to dive. Who cares if anyone’s watching?
but now I have no chair in my nook.
“the law allows parents to educate their children at home instead of sending them to school, if they fulfil certain conditions.”
She leaned forward and kissed it, running her tongue along its length. He growled and crushed her to him, his hands running up and down her back. She didn’t know what to do with all the sensations coursing through her. His skin was so warm against her hands as she ran them along his shoulder blades. He smelled of leather and cedar and soap, and his lips were everywhere… on her own, at her ear, down her neck. She suddenly pulled back from him. “Wait… wait. I need to ask you something.”
There was a time, not so very long ago, when elites from various fields — politics, business, finance, labor, journalism, religion, academe — would gather together and attempt to ameliorate whatever social and economic problems seemed of pressing importance. And they would gather in something like a spirit of enlightened self-interest, if not exactly of disinterest, trying to take a look at problems from a point of view other than that of immediate self-advancement. This, anyway, is what George Packer claims in a recent article in Foreign Affairs. Knowing a little bit about the history of social elites and their relation to the notion of disinterest or impartiality, I’m inclined to agree with him. Here’s what Packer says about the various American elites in the postwar era:
The Creator, as shown in the movie & what we understand from the Matrix, is always trying to balance the Equation.
I've learned about my relationship with God. Although my faith was once shattered, I always believed it could be put back together again once I found all the pieces - and I'm still finding them. But like a vase broken and glued back together, it can be made stronger than it was before. Different, for sure, but stronger.
And always treasure the good things in life. Lumi is doing super at his new home. It was hard to let him go, but he will pass on his incredible gifts to more babies and he is loved. I feel like a parent that had to let her baby go to college. I cried, I cried more when poor Cerberus, his gelding best buddy, didn't know what bucket to eat out of for the next few days, but I have four glorious babies here to enjoy.
The project of a
Station awaiting train slightly
Once again, I got up early to go running. Once again, I did not go.*
Also, there’s this:
justice,
Bill Hyde (Con) 1505
This is a hard equation for some people to handle…
I’m especially wary of taking career advice from most adults. I’ll listen to my parents most times ( since they have a vested interest in my success) and some select few whose opinions I really trust, but other than that, I might as well be deaf.
9:48 texts exchanged with the mister... did you get it paid? yes, dear! talked with the mortgage broker today.... and what did she say... which reminds me, my house is a mess and yes, folks there is a for sale sign in the yard.. time to tidy up
Thanks to help from a co-worker, we were able to do twice the work in half the time tonight. I should be caught up for at least an hour. Thought I'd put some proverbial pen to the paper real quick.
I may have a new addiction… Pinterest.com is a dangerous website! It hogs hours and hours of your time if you yield to that temptation… I did. *sigh*
So many more gardeners are blogging now, and it's hard to keep up. I abandoned the notion of adding more blogs to my blog's sidebar. There. Are. Too. Many. Again, Facebook can be a time saver in the sense that you aren't obliged to post anything but you can still keep in touch with friends far and near. And meet new ones in that weird past meets the present, Friends of Friends Facebookey way.
Capacity in prisons could be freed up by ceasing to imprison for offences where community service or attachment orders would be more appropriate. It is such a poor deployment of resources when the incarceration of a poor unfortunate who hasn’t been able to pay their TV license causes the early release of a violent criminal at the other end of the prison system. Facilities such as Spike Island could be re-opened if capacity freed up in prisons proves insufficient.
Some advice James Phelan gave:
In this case, the BHA has decided to write to riders ‘expressing disappointment’:
Although this may not be a high street fashion blog,
Since I missed the 100 mark,
04 Ain't Misbehavin' (I'm Savin' My Love For)
Beer List
Of course, I’m kidding that he’s even engaged in a rational discussion here. SI.com ought to use this photo on the header of his e-magazine page and be done with the pretense that he possesses a shred of objectivity.
On the second question, let us note that despite the fact that the U.S has a strong historic legacy of progressive taxation (and that we do a pretty good job relative to European countries that rely more heavily on VAT taxes), our tax system remains broadly flat:
I have no bust of Pallas
Here is a view of the inide sentiments....
(www.alternativenews.org / 01.05.2012)
you can work on something else, or not write at all. I haven't touched it since. I've read it through and decided it was good, but I could improve it a million and one ways. The next thing to do is to revise the story. This involves a lot of thinking to start with. I still haven't got past the thinking stage, but more on that later.
Self-promotion isn’t a dirty word. “It’s not bragging if you can back it up,” Muhammad Ali. (From Getting Ahead) Self-promotion done well is so powerful that even those who haven’t performed can get ahead, for a while. I’m not promoting empty self-promotion – just saying it works!
In 1632, gold was first mined, leading to further discoveries of extensive copper deposits. Towards the later 1600s, copper was exploited with the name “Cobre Caracas.” These mines became property of Simón Bolívar’s family.
I pocket my phone and briefly watch her walk away. Candice looks back at me before she rounds the corner and disappears.
-heat the oil in a large skilley over medium-high heat. Add the celery and cook, tossing, for 2 minutes. Add the snow peas and chili pepper and cook, tossing, until the veggies are just tender, about 2 minutes more.
Harbourfront Library Poem Gallery can be viewed on the library’s panoramic window facing out onto Diana Krall Plaza. The display is double-sided, so you need to stand both inside and outside the window to read all the poems.
by Soeren Kern
in the wide open fields
age -- before Hathaway, in fact -- thanks to the late great
Crafting an art-damaged and intense presence, the group’s sound falls somewhere between The Animals, Motown and The Kinks. In person, the group’s soft-spoken demeanor instills a sense of alluring mystery, but on stage, Gringo Star explode. Never ones to hang on to the same instruments for too long, each member of the group sprints and hurdles from station to station, swapping out guitar for bass for drums for voice, keyboard for accordion, kazoo for tambourine. As a result, the band’s multifaceted musicianship culminates in dense and cerebral rock mantras that are hard-wired to the head and heart.
Also ask about their financing if you don’t have financing secured already. You always want to get the lowest interest rates, because paying interest will add up very quickly, especially on a big purchase such as a car. You might even be able to get 0% interest, if your credit is good enough.
The titular barbarian of A Barbarian in Asia is Henri Michaux (1889-1984), who, the back of the book informs us, was a “great French poet and painter” who “set out as a young man to see the Far East.” The barbarian’s sensibility is certainly poetic. He is interested in conveying the feelings of elsewhere, the contours of its sentimental landscape, not the brute facts. (Though Michaux is quite conversant in Eastern literature and religion.) He sets the tone on the opening page of the opening section, “A Barbarian in India,” by calling Calcutta “the most crowded city in the Universe.” Is Calcutta the most crowded city in the Universe? Impossible to be certain. But to the barbarian in India, it certainly feels that way, and the purpose of travel (as opposed to tourism) is to feel. We travel to feel when our everyday surroundings have made us numb.
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
True, the pogo-stick can be a bit awkward and sometimes unwieldy, especially for young parents with prams and so forth, as well as those who used to use public transport for their shopping trips. For example, it is easy to spot the trail left by a newcomer to the pogo-stick based shopping experience as the bouncing does tend to liberate a not-unreasonable amount of insecurely–packed shopping, especially such items as loose potatoes or oranges.
I won’t even begin to complain about the wonderful postal workers that carry our mail in snow, sleet, rain and in the gloom of night. Or the exceptional service that we don’t get 4 miles away. I now drive 7 miles one direction or 14 miles the other direction to the post office to avoid the guy that is breathing good air.
Close girlfriends and my fiancé, and my brother who is also an MD physician. (My closest girlfriend at the time abandoned me during the treatment after a 10 year friendship. I don’t know why either, that was another reason to be sad). My fiancé kept me sociable and laughing so I couldn’t crawl into a hole. I still found the hole at times, though, when I was alone and just needed to cry a little to let off stress.
5. Biff Gets Stomped by Rusty James
Using the moniker of ‘Ares Lin’ on the Lion City Forum, he vented his anger online after being involved in a brawl with a group of Singaporeans over a staring incident:
Despite the minimal snow the salt trucks were out in force spraying rock salt and calcium chloride brine with abandon. I wrote an article on rust proofing last month and will hopefully be able to share an excerpt with you dear faithful reader as soon as it is published….yeah I know you can't wait.
One would like to think that old pros like McCain and Pataki would try to carve out a niche as responsible centrists who could unite the increasingly-radicalized conservative base with the center electorate. If not them, then who? But alarmingly enough (they know things I don't), the Republican national leadership appears to be making the exact opposite calculation.
Morgan and I thoughtfully discussed 2010 and we reflected on our blessed family and the life we share. We also remembered the sadness of Zoey but keep she, Jada and Jordan in a place of total perfection.
_____see.. i'm not just a funny sexy intelligent interesting and overall awesome guy.. I'm also modest.... wait what were we talking about (funny modesty quote status)
Further reading on the Titanic at Neatorama
Because of his social position the boy was educated by the greatest scholars of his day. For several years between the ages of eight and twelve he remained under the tutelage of one of the most respected Greek scholars in the nation, who held the chair at Cambridge University in Civil Law and wrote the book that most strongly influenced government officials in determining policy. From age twelve to thirteen or fourteen he was tutored by one of the greatest antiquarians of the time, an Anglican prelate whose name can be found penned on the back of the oldest literary document claimed by England, perhaps the most famous document in our literary heritage, that of the Old English epic, Beowulf, together with the date "1562, " a year when it is known that the boy was with him.
I can still remember the extra excitement that a visit from 'Daddy' would bring to the live shows. Yet in reality, he was a distinctly unpleasant man. His carefully portrayed image as the 'friend of the children' was far from the truth, and he would always ignore and push past the adoring kids who gathered around him, as though they weren't there... until the occasional months when ITV were in attendance, recording for World of Sport, when of course he magically became their best pal... well until the cameras stopped rolling anyway. He was even worse after the shows... I was always hungry to obtain autographs at the end of the evening, but after several attempts, gave up on the ignorant Daddy as he ritually brushed past me month after month as though I didn't exist.
Also on the show was Adrian Watson UUP (Ulster Unionist Party) a former Mayor of Antrim. He became quite hysterical wittering on like a schoolgirl repeating the same tired anti BNP rhetoric.
The Checkerdome, St. Louis, Missouri
This post was written about two years ago, when I was still a columnist for our local paper, the Linn County Leader. There was a LOT of fallout over plans that were in progress to hold a town hall meeting to discuss a local business in town that was selling bath salts, BoCoMo Dew (a marijuana-like substance that kids were smoking in town and other items right on the main street of our town.) It was disturbing, to say the least.
Erica blew my mind totally out of the water this month with her Daring Bakers Challenge to us. First I saw "baklava." Cool! I can do that! Been doing that for years! I get a break this month--woot! Then I saw "make your own phyllo." Surely she jests?
Suddenly, this event moved to the top of my to-do list for Saturday and all thoughts about turkey platters flew right out of my head!
Like she told Fox 19's Katie Morgan, "I know for a lot of people, their world just empties out. But for me, I was always: Well, what can I do about it?"
still remembered the tones he played in the dream. He wanted to hear it one more time, so he tried
People believe that I think I am better than everyone else and therefore judge others my age for partying and doing things because well, I'm better than them because I don't. Peer pressure? It's there. I overcome it by simply standing my ground. I refuse to budge when it comes to anything else I'd do; I'm a very stubborn person, therefore I find it incredibly easy to dust off peer pressure.
Pet Friendly Family Portraits by ... James Morrissey
P.S. Click here to read up on the rest of the One Kitchen, Many Hearts project, and to see what I sent to Jeanne at Inside NanaBread’s Head.
10. Black ballerina shoes (Clarks)
One day tiger gave his wedding party to his friends.
Sunday night we celebrated my nephew Derek's birthday, his crafty mama made this cake for him and I thought it was absolutely awesome. I may just be inspired enough to make the next birthday cake in our household...or maybe I'll just save myself the stress and ask her to do it.
One of my neighbors put it best...we're in survival mode right now. Chris feeds me and Kodi, and I feed Kalia. We've managed to go on our nightly walks almost every night the past week, which even though it takes away from sleep time, is helping me keep my sanity around these parts.
The kids ran around, painted and had a grand old time playing in the cardboard city! Such a great party!!
Joseph Breham, a lawyer with Solicitors International Human Rights Group and a member of Bourdon’s team, said in London last week that DCNS often budgeted as much as 8 to 12 percent of its total receipts as “commissions” paid to grease sales of armaments in third-world countries. Breham’s speech was reported for the Malaysia website Malaysiakini by Miriam Mokhtar.
Sugoi keeps going to bed and leaving me on my own so I complained to him about it. The next night he fell ill and told me that he couldn't sleep so he stayed up with me. I think Sugoi might secretly be dere for me. It'd make since his last blog post was all about me.
… and Doug believes that there’s a good possibility of that as well; he just has a bit more hope that they won’t.
You can contact me back here (spike222@e-mail.ua)
ps. kudos if you’re still awake/alive if you made it through this. kind of ironic when I spend half the time talking about life… oof.
To cut the cake, dip a sharp, thin knife (I find a boning knife works better than the serrated knife that the recipe calls for) in hot water and wipe dry. Holding the knife at approximately a 30 degree angle approximately 3/4" in from the edge of the cake, carefully and gently cut a cone-shaped section from the center of the cake, about 8" wide at the top and and 2" wide at the bottom (or "tip"). Think of it as the crater of a volcano. Wipe your knife clean. Place your hand flat on the top of the cone-shaped wedge and using the knife or an icing spatula, remove the wedge and invert it onto your hand. Place the cone-shaped wedge, flat side down, on a cardboard cake round or a plate lined with parchment paper and set it aside.
Based on these images alone, it's tempting to-- as we do with most Icelandic artists- interpret Mugison's music as a product of his home country's mysterious landscape (try Googling "Sigur Rós + glaciers") or rich folkloric tradition (ditto for "Björk + elf"). But on his madcap third album, Mugiboogie, the former laptop-tronic artist makes a case for an Icelandic pop music defined not by topography or mythology, but rather basic geography - in that his country's location puts him a in a fortuitous position to absorb the influence of American blues, British psych-folk and, when the mood strikes, Scandinavian black metal.
It is said that there are four main reasons to study economics:
Food'n'drink were great, too. There's nothing like drinking coffee from a tin mug and eating peach cobbler while listening to Don Edwards over on the Main Stage.
I still have to say that my favorite week in those bungalows was the week Karissa and I got married. We filled all 18 bungalows and a few surrounding villas with family and friends and watched as our little yoga and Pilates detox haven became the family retox centre.
Looking back its clear its more than literally throwing out one thing every day. In truth due to life getting in the way that wasn't always possible, although I found myself then tending to throw out 10 items in one go which either made up or put me in credit.
I prayed deeply sobbing-muffled into the carpet. I know I am her best chance, I know if she loses the hope in me to love her and keep her safe, then at age 18, there is a good chance it could never happen for her….and that is haunting….
like they do on warmer days & nights
Before I get to the usual "stuff" I'd like to announce that we had to say goodbye to 2 fabulous designers these last couple of weeks.
Then six years later, last year, we toured Kenyan British curriculum high schools for FirstBorn's transition. Felt keen on the options. Picked a first choice. Relaxed. And then realised with a parental doubletake around six months later that actually, while that was the preferred choice for lots of her mates too, of course we wouldn't be here then. We are here in Kenya for Tom's work. And before FirstBorn finishes GCSE we'll be elsewhere, also abroad, in a yet to be defined location, but most likely, mid-GCSEs, in a country where the schools are not a patch on those in Kenya or UK. Oooeeer.
Also, the Corps in May will begin considering women for 400 positions in six battalions, including amphibious assault, artillery and combat assault.
What program, you ask? That conservatism is what is going to get them re-elected and to not realize that will the end of their "tenure."
And so? We bowled! And he loved it! Granted he wasn’t strong enough to actually toss the ball down the lane, so he was pushing it, but he really enjoyed himself.Or so it seemed… Lurking behind all of that high-fiving and shouting and cheering was a timebomb just waiting to go off.
-Lap desk with glasses
If you’re looking for simple, tailored guidance on how you should be storing hazardous substances on your premises, this tool, which has been produced by the Environment Agency, is definitely worth a look. By answering the questions you can identify whether your existing arrangements meet legal requirements.
I said that the first episode did a good job of slowly acclimating you back into the series, but there were also some some new huge plot points added as well. As far as Geoffery goes, he is still a colossal prick, but we see this pushed even further when him and his mother have all of the late king’s bastard children put to death, even the newborn baby. This purging of his kin also starts building a climax with the ox helm bastard child and the Stark’s daughter who are on the run from the King’s Landing. In regards to the war, we see the late king’s younger siblings start to enter this “game” for the throne and how the Northern Army is reacting to these new adversaries. We also are shown a short segment progressing the Night Watch story-line with John Snow (I hope he kills the guy who bangs all his daughters but maybe that’s just me.)
Sir Terry Prachett was one of the first fantasy authors I read with a passion. I was perhaps twelve, when a friend of mine gave me Equal Rites and Hogfather and told me to give them a shot. She did not make a misjudgement – I did like Discworld, as soon as I got the hang of it (which I still maintain takes a couple of books). For a couple of years I read whatever translated Discworld novels I could find from the library, but all too soon I realised there were no more translations available. So, at the age of fourteen, I wandered to the English shelves at the bookstore and picked up Good Omens, mostly because I had read a lot about it online and because it said ‘Pratchett’ on the cover. My English was not good and I understood very little, and around page 80 I gave up.
My daughter is now a whistle-free zone.
And he proved he never was “the one”
* Main recipes: Helm, Chest, Wrist, Glove, Belt, Leg and Feet slot armor for Force users.
the psychological starting point is the result of being moved without awarness of it all & therefore irresponsible
Fredericton’s Second Cup is loud and busy on a Tuesday afternoon and Conor doesn’t like it.
You’d be inclined to think the difference was because of the reason she gave. But a further experiment indicated otherwise…
What a Bitch (30) – Complete LABOR OF LOVE
Drooling yet? It's OK, you aren't alone....
What do you get when you mix two brothers in their room , a rainy day, a favorite CD from the library, hours of free time, and a pair of sunglasses?
So, dear readers, what kind of political reforms do you think will help peaceful co-existence amongst our leaders?
Under these conditions it is very difficult to blog...so I thank you for your patience. As of this week, I have resumed normal digestion of my food (you have no idea), unpacked all our boxes of clothes shipped home, attended to our garden, and resurrected my old (but still mostly functional camera)..
6. How much have you lost?
d. Not to be spoken of
So all it couldn't be easier, good luck to everyone and I will post the winner on Thursday morning.
Then, I saw the latest challenge on Our Creative Corner - Spring Break - Travel So, as I haven't been well, and am not actually travelling anywhere, I allowed myself the liberty of creating an imaginary break by creating a collage of images from 2 of my favourite places... London and New York.
Victim grouping is a big business. Look how hard Jesse and Al try to keep fanning that flame. They must be running out of good fuel because they tend to jump on cases which aren't clear cut, before the facts are known, and many times it turns out they labeled the real criminal as the victim. In some cases, there may be no case at all, in reality. KKK uses the same tactic, but not many people sucker for it. I do not consider Jesse and Al any more legitimate, at this point in time, than the White supremacist groups.
Brutus, my darling cat, is somewhat of a jerk. Him and Chino were eating from the food bowl and they both didn’t want to share. They were pushing against each other with their heads and it was really quite funny. Well, Brutus takes a piece of food and tosses it to the side with his mouth. I’m not kidding, I caught it on video. Chino got distracted by the piece of food hitting the floor and then Brutus wins the entire bowl while Chino has to wait. It was smart, but he is a monster and I now understand why they fight all of the time. Cats are just like humans.
So, that's it for another week. I'm off out to play this afternoon, helping at a local Craft Fayre. Please note the emphasis on 'helping' - the one and only time I had a stall there I made less than £3 all afternoon :( And I spent that anyhow on cupcakes and other stuff!
After inheriting her Aunt's apartment, Diana, well, first she makes out with her cousin Marco, but after she's finished doing that, she checks out her new digs. This is when All Ladies Do It really starts to break out of its shell and become the erotic classic we all know and love. You wouldn't think this would be the case–you know, since it simply features an attractive Italian woman poking around her dead Aunt's apartment. But you haven't lived until you have watched Claudia Koll try on hats and light cigarettes in an apartment that is bathed in Venetian moonlight. Resembling a stylish film noir at times (the luminous Koll looked like a femme fatal in her red gloves and wide-brim hat), Diana puts on her Aunt's fur and heads over the Alphonse's place for a quick booty call. Hoping to lose her anal virginity, Diana heads up to his "bum room," a veritable shrine to the female posterior (there are literally butts everywhere), and prepares her rump to be violated. Telling her that every ass is different, Alphonse shows her pictures of asses that are timid, brave, happy, stupid, clever, and intelligent, and then sticks his penis inside her headstrong, willful, and disobedient poop chute.
Partly a dream episode as Angel is forced into hallucinations. Some of those dreams were pretty funny, but I wouldn’t say the entire episode worked as well as others have.
To emerge
**Sew on evenly space with bottom of fence post touching the brown(dirt).
I take a moment and reflect.
Despite the many trends around this summer there is one particular theme that rears it's fashionable head every spring and makes the perfect addition for anybody who is looking to either create or expand on an existing summer capsule collection.
He's dangerously close to doing the splits. Some things I don't want to see even on TOTP. I can't help feeling he's what you'd have got if Iggy Pop and Get It Together's Roy North had produced a love-child. Then again, who's to say they didn't?
So is Mr Modi a spinmeister or is there something everybody is missing?
4. In The Sky
Deanna Parkton suggests asking the interviewer if they need any additional qualifications or information so your message has an additional, helpful purposes as well.
When the oil begins to smoke lightly,
How about you....have you had any manic projects pop up out of nowhere?!
The Eureka Optima 437AZ is a bagless upright vacuum which means that users are spared the hassle and expenses of replacing and throwing out disposable vacuum cleaner bags. In addition to this, the loop handle on the Eureka Optima 437AZ provide comfortable grip and because the machine can be adjusted in 13 different positions, the machine can be used by everybody in the house.
Next night the same thing happens. Exactly the same thing. Except he calls down and tells me that he's reading to Punky and JoNo both. Hmmmm. Okay, fine. Finish the story and then go to bed. All goes well.
So what is my role? God calls us to be involved. Our roles can even change depending on the season or project. I am currently leading a team of 18 from our church to go to Uganda to help plant a church in order to reach and help the rebuilding in the northern part of that country. I am GOING this time. I am also MOBILIZING people to go and participate with us. But we need SENDERS, supporters, intercessors, logisticians, planners, resource-givers to help the work fulfill its God-ordained purpose. God has and will continue to provide all that is necessary to get the job done. But the joy for us is to be a part of His work, whether we go or stay.
One fortuitous difference between this trip and the last one was that Kelly, Mike, Liam and Thea just happened to be in Philly at the same time we were! I had caught a tweet of Kelly's the afternoon that we were headed there; they had gone to New Jersey on a day trip, but decided to take a spur-of-the-moment side trip and had no idea we would be there too. How often does that sort of coincidence happen?
2: I’m too nonchalant sometimes. No man wants a woman who’s NOT going to be all up in his face when he’s done something wrong.
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
Day-of Hair and Make-up: My mom of course!
I got two things of vinyl butterflies at The Dollar Tree, and decoupaged the little holder that I had at home with the same gift wrap..
* Link up your blog name and URL using the MckLinky below. Only need to add on one blog to be seen on all the blog hops.
In short, then, the problem was not Hitler’s deceit of the communists, or the fake socialism of the Nazi Party, but that the communists and the socialist nationalists were fighting to control the same people and the same political territories; just like, say, the fights between the SWP and Workers Liberty or the SWP and the Communist Party (i.e., Searchlight and Hope Not Hate).
by Val Koinen
Feeling chatty? Get your chat on about the sketch challenge in this forum. CLICKING HERE. Have questions? Have comments? Have suggestions? We’d love to chat about it. Drop by and say hello!
My class has been taking quizzes on the reading as well as doing comprehension questions and character charts. I pass the quizzes easily, because your writing is deep and memorable. Everything about it is exhiliarating and flowing. The questions are easy because when I need evidence I want to go back and reread and take in everything I missed. The character chart was the hardest piece of work to do because everything you need is spread out throughout the reading.
But I hung up when I saw the sealed envelope. I had completely forgotten about that, too. “Okay, Reggie,” I said out loud, “let’s see if your previous owner has any advice.”
Iceland Music Export has extended its special 'early bird' offer to the 15th September for just £80 per person, which includes two lunches and access to two VIP receptions.. To register for the early bird package, please follow the instructions on the following link:
I have a nuanced attitude toward Japan. I drive a Japanese car, take pictures with a Japanese camera and watch my DVDs on an apparatus made in Japan. But I can’t stand sushi. I do not understand the enthusiasm for raw fish and soups that taste of sewage.
Ø But: Negates any words that are stated before it.
Skakkamanage took a cozy start but ended in chaos. Two different voices in a clash as 2 trains on the same trail.
Melt butter in large saute pan, add the beans and saute until just tender. Add the garlic and fresh ginger and saute about 1 minute. Add the candied ginger and nuts, toss, Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.
Carden took a risk. He could have wound up with no takers, in which case he would have two grande cups of coffee to drink.
and the little boy locked up his brakes-- causing black tire marks all down his arm.
Loop 2 - 9 miles - Robin D stayed with me. Woman is a rock of support. I run way slower than her, but she has run by my side many times when I needed someone. The temps were warming to about the mid 40s and things felt nice, BUT a race was starting right as we started this loop... so you know we got caught up in that, and I pushed a few miles at a pace a bit faster than planned, but things were still fine. We took a few walk breaks this loop, much like I will in the ultra - particularly on wobbly bridges and any hills.
1 cocoons
REA E, UPSHUR R. Semmelweis revisited: the ethics of infection prevention among health care workers. CMJA 2001; 164: 1447-1448.
Objections can be expected in almost all sales. Handling these objections as they come up is the mark of the professional.
And jolly nice it was too. In fact, so nice I had it for breakfast.
So for now, I'll just enjoy the time I have...
As I was want to do then (and am now) I leaped on to anything in the culture that referenced things I was familiar with. So a movie with "Flatbush" in the title was so provocative even for my then preschool-self, that I can still remember peppering my grandmother with questions about the movie that she couldn't answer.
I also have been very sick for 3 weeks with Gastritis and GERD so that has not been very fun, hopefully it fixes itself soon! We also have some other fun news to share but I will share that next time, it deserves a post by itself!
Chinese herbalists advise against using white peony root when cold-deficiency diarrhea is present.
He was spotted in 1900 by a William Morris agent in St. Louis and thence booked for the Orpheum and Keith circuits. From 1900-14, he crisscrossed the globe many times, performing not only in Europe but also in such far flung place as Australia and South Africa (which is where he first met Will Rogers). In these years, he literally played before the Crowned Heads of Europe, further adding to the Fields mystique. During the years of the world tour he became a dumb act, to avoid the difficulties of the language barrier. While a non-verbal Fields may seem difficult to imagine, one must keep in mind what an adept physical comedian he was. He was a first rate pantomimist, and that skilled was honed during these years.
& Italian postcards
1. Bacon cheeseburgers, the clear winner
Anyway, the concert was amazing. He played with the Ft. Worth Symphony and it was beautiful. Ben Folds is a talented man, I'll tell you that much. We sang along, we danced, it was a wonderful evening (minus the trauma in getting there!).
On the couch....
Places affect people by providing resources!
While the Jetta TDI briefly disappeared from the market in 2007 and 2008 due to emissions regulations, a redesign for 2009 cleaned up its act and the model has been popular ever since.
"And the cover will look like this."
1. The use of Google Earth to take us on her journey was such a wonderful presentation tool. It seemed to give her a nice time-line and thus Roz never seemed flustered or even confused by just telling her story. The smoothness and at-ease feeling she portrayed during the evening was quite amazing. She was soothing and yet made you so empowered by her heroic life’s tales.
Paddy.
12. Chill in the fridge for the buttercream to set. Arrange beautifully and….HUZZAR!!
● Photos: Cheran - Community Self-Defense
And sang to a small guitar,
i just thought i would pop in to say hello.
the day care while I walked up to the door, dropped his brother off,
There was a rare fish called Cassoorwa, which hath in each eye two sights, and as it swimmeth it beareth the lower sights within the water, and the other above…
“Oh darn. These aren’t 5 lb. weights. They’re only 3 lbs.”
I know.
Sc dec – single crochet decrease
On the one hand, her efforts helped me to feel a little better, but on the other hand, when I, a grown man have become sick enough that a Dora blanket makes me feel better, it can make me feel like a complete wiener.
Saturday Afternoons from 2 to 5
Africa today is the worst place for a child to be born or grow up due to poverty and lack of opportunities. There are many cities, towns and villages where children go to school without food or eat once a day, something unimaginable in Western societies. Due to poverty most children under five are malnourished and underweight. The children are not properly clothed or sheltered. They do not receive much attention from their parents. Due to the pervasive and extreme nature of poverty, children prematurely become adults at the age of ten sometimes even less. They take on the responsibility of adults; scavenge for food and work to bring home income to support the family. As a result absenteeism in schools are high as many students swap their education for income generating activities such as fishing, farming and hawking, an act that continue to fuel and perpetuate the poverty cycle. They suffer many abuses silently in the hands of those who employ them and many are maladjusted. In the villages and in the rural areas kids walk bare footed to school and even to church or mosque. In most rural areas students have to study with lantern because there is no electricity. In the rural areas children have no class rooms and have to study under trees. Today in Sierra Leone as in many places in Africa a child is more likely to die at birth or die before reaching the age of five.
It made us feel so good to be able to give this to them and us after all of the sacrifices we had to make the last few years. We still have so much farther to go, but we are trying and hopefully things will continue to go e way they should so we can get back to where we were.
A big “shout out” goes to my fellow radio host Tanya Mercado. She has a wonderful program “Raise Your Glass” on Friday nights (NDB Media of course). Each week is a thoughtful discussion on a different life lesson. Tanya also co-hosts “The Five Tool” show.
And the dreams that I made, now are empty
by Marilyn Janovitz (Author, Illustrator)
G.R. No. L-2044
Following Mimi's tutorial for two tone gradient nails (you simply must check it out, her nails always make my jaw drop), I managed to create an orange and hot pink gradient look.
‘Where are you, you piece of shit?’
permission during the process of installing this package.
“I want to be in a jumpsuit,” Mike said immediately.
Pretty accessories:
Meaning: Lung Cancer. Clear ribbon to represent clear lungs.
Since starting on the slop about four weeks ago, Lumpy has scoffed (in no particular order) banana, porridge, banana porridge, parsnips, carrots, sweet potato, butternut squash, sprouts (bleaggh), spinach (surprisingly yum), mashed potato, four-grain cereal, apple, pear, blueberries, cheese, yoghurt, fromage frais, leeks, peas, haddock, turkey (come on, it was Christmas. Everyone had to do their turkey-eating duty, and being a baby was no excuse), bread sauce, strawberries, basil, parsley, a tiny bit of chip, a crumb of chocolate cookie (really not that impressed), and avocado (ohmygod avocadoavocadoavocadonomnomNOM).
The primer is hit by the firing pin or the striker, which causes the impact sensitive explosive to detonate; and a tiny jet of flame shoots up through the flash hole, igniting the powder charge, and propelling the bullet down the barrel and out the muzzle of the gun (along with a lot of expanding gas, and unburned powder and other residues of gunfire, as so often described on CSI).
1-800-676-HIPS
Many U.S. veterans suffer from effects of Agent Orange due to their exposure in Vietnam, as do their children and grandchildren. Vietnamese-Americans exposed directly to Agent Orange and their offspring suffer from the same health conditions.
Sahara Knax was involved in the original outbreak of mystical energy in the town of Indigo Springs and is now described as being "profoundly" contaminated, with birdlike characteristics including a beak, pinfeathers and growths on her back (which have been described by witnesses as "winglike.") Like other victims of the mystical outbreak, Knax is thought to be also suffering from delusions, and has convinced an unknown number of Americans that she may be a goddess, a living embodiment of the spirit of the Earth. Blog posts and online communities have variously hailed her as "the first prophet of the Millennium," "An Avenging Angel of the Ecological Movement," and an eco-terrorist. Her followers, some of whom refer to themselves as Alchemites, say that the working magic is a holy act, and is the key to reversing global climate change.
"No good tree bears bad fruit, nor does a bad tree bear good fruit. Each tree is recognized by its own fruit. People do not pick figs from thornbushes, or grapes from briers. The good man (or woman, my words)brings good things out of the good stored up in his (HER) heart, and the evil man (woman) brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his (her) heart. For out of the overflow of his (her) heart his (her) mouth speaks." Luke 6:43-45
So now here are the 3 reasons why I OFFICIALLY HATE VALENTINE’S DAY and why I’m vowing never to celebrate it again:
I was first introduced to this idea through the works of author Robert A. Heinlein, and most particularly from his book Time Enough For Love. I urge anyone looking to expand their horizons a bit, or who just simply want a damn good reading experience, to give it a go.
It meets our 3 criteria.
You might see me as...an angry-all-the-time white guy who follows all the rules and only want you to do things his way.
She married a man
# 9: Issuing founder shares without vesting.
For me, it lasted a good six months or so: I got a job and a new
It's snowing hard again today but luckily I managed to get to the fabric store yesterday just in time. (Unlike Meg of Shop the Garment District, who simply couldn't bear the cold to walk three blocks from her office during her lunch hour.)
The Capitals tied up this series on Monday, with Alex Ovechkin scoring the game winning goal despite not getting a lot of ice time. The goal came 12:33 into the third period, when a power play opportunity and a faceoff win by Nicklas Backstrom allowed Ovie to get a beautiful shot in past Henrik Lundqvist.
"I don't think we are."
A man, his dog, his motorcycle and a country full of opportunities.
There was something so magical about sitting on the deck in the rocking chairs before the town below came alive, sipping coffee in the cool morning air. It was equally magical in the evenings as the sounds of Eureka's nightlife echoed up soothing my soul. In my humble opinion The Peabody House has the BEST location in town.
"Ignore"
This plan works because there are people out there who like to get things for free. Do you know anyone like that? Well, if you click on one of the free laptop ads you see all over the Internet, you’ll discover that there is a lot of fine print. However, if someone follows the rules very carefully they can indeed receive a free laptop. In order to qualify, they have to complete some offers and recruit a few other people to do the same. They pay you to sign up for the program as their referrals so they can get credit toward earning their free laptop. By doing this, they are able to get the computer much cheaper than if they bought it outright. Of course, the laptop is just an example. There are many different programs that offer a variety of prizes.
2 t. baking powder
Men, God: love this
Where I won't have to speak my mind
I have a confession to make. I'm not a heart person. The shape really doesn't appeal to me when it comes to stitching, and in general I guess. So I was a bit disappointed when the mystery Stitch of the Month project was revealed to be a stylized heart shape. Sigh. What was I going to do? After much thought, and discovering from reading the discussion boards that I wasn't alone, I've decided to just do a stitch sampler, 3 x 4 blocks, using as many threads from my stash as possible, supplemented with new threads to complete the colorway.
If I trust you, I will let you hold my baby. Foremost in my mind is that she is vulnerable. I don't want her hurt in any way. I don't let just anyone hold her. I have to trust that you will not hurt her.
Taste of: Diet Coke
the truth was weak,
I had a bunch of super sparse glitter top coats and I was not a fan of how they applied, so I spent 100 years fishing out glitter and putting it all into one bottle of clear. These photos show one coat of this stuff, so you can see how much glitter is in here. Some of the smaller ones are semi-transparent (is there a name for these?), which looks really nice in real life but translated to photos as weird pastel pieces.
Odds
As co-host, Jaye will also be judging entries. She is not bound by my scoring system. Here's what she had to say about what she is looking for: "No matter the length, all good stories elicit emotion from the reader. As I'm reading the entries, I'll be paying attention to those that make me feel something--fear, sympathy, amusement, etc. Of course, I'm a sucker for clever word play (but not too clever, if you're trying too hard it shows). The third element is probably the most important: Originality. Surprise me with your take on the photo. Stretch your creative muscles and give me the unexpected. Good luck!"
No doubt, you will say something like, “I wish I’d spent more time in prayer; more time in Bible reading and study; more time in church, and more time telling others about the Lord.”
Before I announce the names I would like to thank everyone who entered into our DT call, it was such a difficult choice but the new members are:
Oopsie.
Now comes Transformers: The Ride 3D, another motion simulator ride akin to the re-engineered Amazing Spiderman Ride 3D at Islands of Adventure.
THE WHOLE CUPCAKE
As one child, Aloyna, said it, “the workers treat us like cattle. They don’t care. It’s their job. They come in and do their job, and leave. They don’t care about us at all.”
Water won’t get it out.
Here he is. A monster of the Chesapeake Bay. That's the fisherman documenting her prize.
Adil bhai and Haris bhai and BMK DOT….. the most generous being on this earth….. thnx for believing me …… i love bmk when u calls me daktarni…… n thnk u all for praying for me in my exams……. i think i always had cleared bcoz of your wishes…..
What do Scarlett O’Hara, Michael Corleone, the Vicomte de Valmont have in common? They all have power. Scarlett is so beautiful and charming no man can resist her. She also has the power to overcome the hardships that come her way during the war.
Sammy had told me I’d be speaking soon. Right around midnight he introduced me. I was amazed that a couple hundred people were willing to stay up so late on a Friday night. I’ve been asking the Lord to speak to me more through the Gift of “words of knowledge” – one of the nine gifts that I’m convinced we don’t see enough practical execution of in the body today. He was kind and through-out the day I would have random thoughts/words/feelings come to me that I would make a quick note of. They ranged from “tightness/arthritis of the knees” to “young boy diagnosed with ADHD suffering from learning disorders” and many in-between. I prayed for a while, shared a bit from Hebrews 12 and read the words I felt God had given me. There is no way to express the gifts of the Spirit without taking a risk. The risk is that I might be wrong. I may not have heard from God at all. Maybe I just made it all up? Despite the downfall, it’s worth the risk to see someone’s face brighten with the reality that God KNOWS their personal circumstance and wants to intervene. I had those stand who believed the words were directly aimed at them and/or were loosely relate-able. I’ve seen this happen on several occasions now. About 30+ rose to their feet. I asked everyone to gather around them, lay hands, and we spent a little time praying. Everyone who either wasn’t healed/restored/moved by God (or whom I hadn’t given a specific word to) was invited to receive more prayer in a very cold, but accommodating, side-room at the back of the church. We had a wonderful time and were able to pray with many who received instant healing or a relieving of emotional/spiritual weights. A grandmother brought us her grandson who was 9 or 10 – diagnosed with ADHD and suffered from learning disorders! I mean, at a normal church meeting of 200, the odds might be higher. But at a prayer meeting at midnight??? Ha, Thank you Father for the way You still naturally supernaturally speak to us.
First off, why are there no “daddy wars?”
She's inquisitive, smart, funny, busy, opinionated, energetic, sweet, loud, fantastic, and fun to be around. I said to Brent the other day that as much as I love when our kids are babies, this stage that Amarys is at is when it really starts getting fun. The learning is so remarkable, and how they absorb new things and reproduce them, and start interacting at more complex levels, and it is just so fun. When they run around and have opinions and their eyes are wide open with wonder at everything from the way eggs crack to the taste of shoe tread, it brings everyone joy. When they start knowing that after bathtime, we brush teeth and read books, so they bang their toothbrush on the sink and then run and get a story and back into your lap to listen, it is just so cool. They are born these warm, puking, wiggly little kangaroo babies with no experience of the world except what is done to them, and in one year they are suddenly acting upon the world in order to make it do things for them, and they love with wild abandon, and it is just so beautiful.
Starting with Ash Wednesday and ending with Easter, our church does a Wednesday service. The services are geared for us to focus on the sacrifice Christ made for us. I love these services. They have helped me come to appreciate Easter even more.
A quick few tidbits - The Mothman Barleywine is in bottles , though slightly undercarbed, still delicious. The Ultimate Table Beer (name change coming) is going to be bottled soon, and some thoughts on upcoming beer events.
There are a number of Filini restaurants across the Radisson chain in the UK, each with a strong Italian flavour, but with their own chefs who have the autonomy to develop their own dishes and adapt the menu as they see fit. Mattias, who is from Sweden, has worked for Radisson in a number of European locations for a number of years now, but loves Cardiff and seems to be fairly settled here – and why not?! Mattias clearly has a passion for his art, and seems refreshingly unconstrained by working for a large chain – I am sure this is thanks in no small part to Radisson allowing their chefs to put an individual touch on the menus – whilst honest about the few inevitable restrictions he faces. Sadly, as part of a big chain, Mattias is not able to source all his produce from local suppliers – but he does take a keen interest in the suppliers that are used and is certainly in a position to influence if the quality of the produce he’s receiving is not hitting the mark.
I have a very bad camera as you may have noticed. :D I hope it's self explainatory enough. Is it even visible? Aaaa, kinda nervous what will people say on my first video :D
The winners should get in touch with me using the email address at my website:
Overall, then, brewing is a fabulously efficient process -- nothing is "wasted" except, I guess, the fuel needed to heat the water and boil the wort. But then again, it's awfully hard to claim that anything is truly wasted when it results in something as wonderful as beer.
indigenous societies, have no bearing on the way these objects are
Junsu’s corner lips lift up a little sign that he is smiling. “Kill me.”
Adams said he hadn't talked with Zeigler about the incident but described the chief as "a mild-mannered, soft-spoken person."
Hubby has put his blog on hold for now, not deleted. At least not yet. I have seen him let go of a few blogs so I don't know if he will be back to blogging again or not. He wants to concentrate on his music. He is no longer on my blog.
It was actually kind of fun to case someone else's card! The image I have used is CC Lula (yet another previously uninked TGF stamp I own). The main paper I have used is from October Afternoon and the little brown bits are from Simple Stories. The lace is some that I picked up while I was in Sydney recently. The seam binding ribbon and twine is from The Ribbon Girl. The buttons and brad are from my stash (I think Doodlebug and My Mind's Eye respectively). The flowers are from Prima. The sentiment I made using Doodlebug rub-ons. The tag and centre cloud square were cut with my Slice machine.
I still have "Ogre," "Inglorious Basterds" and "SS Hell Camp" to post reviews of, and I never did get the wrap-up post done. However, Tom over at Motion Picture Gems did a far better wrap-up for my mini-blogathon than I could ever do.
Named after a mix-up over a restaurant booking when his trainer and owners were on holiday in Tenerife. The youngest in the field as a May-foaled seven-year-old, Organisedconfusion marked himself as a contender for the John Smith’s Grand National with his victory in last year’s Irish National, when he had two other of this year’s Aintree contenders, Sunnyhillboy and Quiscover Fontaine, back in third and fourth place. It was the gelding’s third, most prestigious and most recent victory, all of them over fences. He has raced four times since, starting with two third places over hurdles at Fairyhouse and Gowran Park in November and December. On his first run back over fences at Leopardstown in January, reunited with big-race rider Nina Carberry, he fell at the first and in March produced a staying-on fifth over an inadequate two and a quarter miles at Gowran. Organisedconfusion was part-bred by his trainer Arthur Moore in partnership with Tim Murray – who was his (Moore’s) first owner when he started training – and made £17,000 when he was offered at Doncaster sales as an unbroken three-year-old. The gelding was bred in Ireland from two French-foaled parents, his sire Laveron and dam Histologie. Laveron, a dual Grade
Titles on Amazon.com – 7
Very few people have heard of Rosamund Pilcher, and those who have are probably eighty and called Doris. She has written three fantastic books and many many mediocre stories and always ends up with the Barbara Taylor Bradfords and Catherine Cooksons in the romance sections of charity shops, but she doesn’t deserve that. Coming Home is one of my all-time faves.
— Søren Kierkegaard, in The Sickness Unto Death
Please note that these dimensions make for a much larger cupcake tower than the one pictured above.
titles by author or subject in alphabetical order. But these files, which
On Theresa
H2O—a fascinating allegorical look at success,
Snuggles with Grandma...
The Boers have been victims of colonization. Particularly when many died in the British concentration camps during the Anglo-Boer War which lead to the conquest & annexation of the Boer Republics into the new macro state of South Africa. An estimated 27 000 Boer civilians died in the British created concentration camps representing about 15 % of the local Boer republican population.
The Sisters Of Mercy began to gather steam through a series of early singles including "Alice" and "Temple Of Love," as well as The Reptile House EP, all of which were recorded by the group's original lineup: Eldritch on vocals, Gary Marx and Ben Gunn on guitars, Craig Adams on bass and a drum machine they named Doktor Avalanche. In 1983, shortly after "Temple Of Love" was released, Gunn left the band due to personality conflicts with Eldritch, and was replaced by former Dead Or Alive guitarist Wayne Hussey as the band recorded their first full-length album, First And Last And Always, released in early 1985. Bolstered by outstanding tracks like "Black Planet" and "Walk Away," the album found a receptive audience at home in the UK and became an underground hit here in the States. They toured in support of the LP, but during the tour Gary Marx quit, blaming an inability to get along with Eldritch (you may notice a pattern emerging here).
When behind a securely
PS: I also heard that some Greeks were shocked and felt betrayed that the EU didn't act fast enough to approve the enormous bailout package to assist them. Well, since the bailout is being financed by other European economies which have barely pulled out and are still on the road to economic recovery, why should they have to help the Greeks so fast? And I think they're especially kind to help the Greeks especially with all the Greek protests/rallies/strikes going on showing their unwillingness to change their ways...(i know they have to help the Greeks given the need to sustain the Euro. Actually, this entire Greek crisis has shown the weaknesses of a common currency, the Euro.)
A biting gust of wind fired sand grains at her bare limbs. The damp cotton of her dress whipped against her body and she hugged herself for warmth. She could just barely make out the rock outcrop, a craggy silhouette in the inky darkness.
02)Agata Paraszczak – Coordinator AWF (Manchester/Poland)
Clay Pixler, proprietor or the Jittery Goat Café, overheard the conversation and said. “Don’t you think that sounds a little like something some boys in high school might do?”
I recently had a birthday where I was so overwhelmed by the positive messages I received that I declared Facebook the greatest thing to ever happen to birthdays. That may be true, but the advent of instant messaging and social media has had an ugly side effect where kids can’t escape their bullies.
Eric Voorhees is an active member of The Special Gathering who loves to serve others. Acquainted with hard work, he has been employed for many years at a nursing home. He is well respected by the residents there and by his employers. The Special Gathering is a ministry within the intellectually disabled community. Voorhees is a deacon and sings in our choir.
Be sure to go over to Joan's Gardens to see all the sets in this new Heartfelt Creations release. Also Joan will have a special price on the "I Want It All" package.
I've decided that I would really enjoy a black turtleneck. In kind of an authoritarian way. With a tight top bun and a ruler. Not really but for some reason I have not been able to push this beast of a black turtleneck out of my little mind with it's tres chicness and slenderizing profile. This brings me to my next question. Where to get said sweater of darkness, with dual neck choking and warmth enabling capabilities?
Construction on the Red Palace was still underway when the Great Fifth died in 1682. Fearing the project would be abandoned, the monks kept his death a secret for 10 years until the Red Palace was completed. In the meantime, the Dalai Lama was impersonated by a monk who looked most like him.
They tried to do that.
Help us preserve it. It's what Keith would have wanted.
Nor does my hair look very good on Skype.
“Oh YUMMMEEE!” he exclaimed like a big posh baby, now springing to life and catching a touch of his usual theatrics. “Now that's a good wake up call! Ok, needles....”
“Ooh, sarcasm,” I say lightly as we step alongside each other. “A lost art if there ever was one.”
I am likening this kind of villain to English toffee because he has two different and equally delicious parts: the yummy villain chocolate, and the brickle toffee inside, two distinct experiences that go beautifully together.
I had to stop reading my own fan fiction on www.fanfiction.net because it was having a disastrous effect on my own writing! I was writing a pastiche of myself. So I drop in every now and again to see things like which characters from Stravaganza are attracting the most interest and so on. But I don't read it.
In Water Rat, one of Uncle’s oldest friends comes to him for help: his nephew Andrew is floundering when he loses five million dollars after financing a rather fishy seafood operation. The operation goes fish-belly up (okay, no more oceanic puns, I promise) and the owners have disappeared with the money that rightfully belongs to Andrew. Ava takes the case and tracks down the owners of the seafood operation, George Antonelli and Jackson Seto. Using bribery, blackmail, violence, and a perfectly worn Brooks Brothers outfit, Ava finally ends up in Guyana, paying off the local police chief/crime lord Captain Robbins to help her corner Seto and close the deal.
Peder Jensen aka Fraudman formerly Fjordman has refused to attend as a witness in the Breivik trial.
We became friends on Facebook, as people do nowadays. That was when I realised that Lianne was so much more than just a pretty face. She had great taste in books. She could write. She was interesting. But, most importantly, she had listed the Marquis de Sade as the person who inspired her. That’s when I knew she was our girl.
3) Which part of Australia would you love to visit?
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is
I am not a brewer, so may be these comments are perfectly valid. My reasoning for thinking that these comments are invalid is that if it's so easy to make great one off beers, how do the vast majority of brewers fail. I suspect because it's not that easy. It marries well with the equally invalid arguement that it's easy to brew great beer if you never make the same beer twice. something else I've heard several times. My suggestion is that may be it's easy to brew great beer if you're a great brewer with great idea's. I rather think that has an awful lot to do with it.
Alexia fan art.
my wardrobe right now is too coherent
SUN. 10/5 - "OPERA TO BROADWAY" VOCAL PERFORMANCES @ CAFE 322 IN SIERRA MADRE, 7pm. 322 W. Sierra Madre Blvd. 626-836-5414. Full bar and great Italian food. Every Sunday evening. Get there early - they pack 'em in!
He earned a mention in this column because of one of the legends/miracles attributed to him, "The Legend of the Beer Mug." The story goes that on an extremely hot day in July 642, after Arnold died at the Abbey of Remiremont where he moved after his retirement, the parishioners from Metz showed up to claim his remains.
Of only one loss,
Dry or cracked skin can be very unbearable. Not to mention the discomfort of tight red skin, it can be downright embarrassing. A container of Pacquin Plus hand & body cream will eliminate soreness, redness and help to add moisture back to dry skin.
I'm not sure where to share my feelings about moving. All I can tell you it's very emotional.
What are you waiting for!? Click on the link above and get started today!
How honored and magnified is mankind through the Holy Virgin Mother of God, for it has been made worthy of renewal and sonship by God.
Are you looking for some unique storage for your crafty finds? Sometimes a trip to the junk shops is just what you need. A tip: Don't look for the obvious. You probably won't find a grouping of just what you need sitting there staring at you. Think outside the box. Find one classic item that you like and build upon that item. Carry that favorite around look for other items that match in color or style.
The absolute ideal would be if these services would rip your out-of-print CDs and add them to your virtual library so you never had to switch between two players to hear all your music.
When Roux was led out for a short recess minutes later, Taukobong yelled: "I'm going to get your mother, you fucking dog!"
7. Kevin Bacon (I had to end with him)
Christoph Waltz, Inglourious Basterds
and she's doing quite well
Claudia made this beatiful card and used white cotton zig zag lace, organza ribbon, natural button twine and mulberry pretty blossoms - isn't her colouring amazing!!
3. Call Me Irresponsible
Family + Friends: Permission to copy, paste, or use the images above to share with your family and friends.
DAY FOR NIGHT
When the storms of life rage, shouldn’t the world be able to find refuge in the body of Christ and His church?
LDV: What inspired you to begin your career in graphic design?
Some Friday Questions to get your weekend off on the right foot. Leave yours in the comments section. Thanks!
Do not touch and pick at your pimples, nor at acne scars. This will only lead to skin irritation, redness, extra scarring and possibly even infection. If you are having problems with acne, it is best to speak to a professional who will be able to guide you towards the best method for your skin.
About 15 minutes of sitting and watching the lights but not much had changed. It was time to head back. Walking back, I still had the camera in my hands. Suddenly, red streaks appeared in the sky on my right side. Unfortunately I was not at the best location to capture the moment. Trees blocked the view. The red streaks was only there for about 2 minutes, then it was gone.
Jesse then got really quiet...I was starting to get just a little concerned again...
06. Once In A Lifetime
In case you thought the war with Hamas had quietened down in the south over the last few months you would be sadly mistaken. The latest in the worsening news is that white phosphorus has been found in the missiles shot from Gaza towards Israel’s southern communities. Yes, this is the same white phosphorus that Israel was libellously accused of shooting at civilians during Cast Lead 2 years ago.
At the bottom of the Config.groovy file – add this entry
That both characters, Winter and Hinson, are given brief emphasis back to back in this book, makes an overspeculative man like me speculate that perhaps two characters in Stevens’ novel, Scorched Earth, about Mississippi born political consultant Matt Bonney, are in fact based on these two. Powell Bonney, the political consultant’s father, a former segregationist who goes on to be an excellent governor, with Luke Bonney as the consultant’s brother, a man just like the consultant, his near twin in fact, whose first campaign was managed by Matt Bonney.
I have no access to what Kerr wrote since that requires a fee, but it should be remembered that the musicals of Prince and Sondheim in the 1970s marked a bit of a changing of the guard. Barnes, whose first love had always been as a dance critic, had reviewed dance at various publications since 1953 and theater, film and television since 1956. Walter Kerr, himself an occasional writer of plays and musicals, whose collaboration with his wife Jean Kerr, Goldilocks, won two Tonys in 1958, seven years after he'd first began a job as a theater critic, also taught speech and drama at The Catholic University of America. Don't see any conflicts there. Still, it didn't stop him from getting a Pulitzer Prize in Criticism for his theater reviews in 1978. Thankfully, the Old Guard didn't represent everyone in 1971. In fact, it prompted another writer at The New York Times, Martin Gottfried, to pen a contrary opinion on the new musical in the same newspaper that ran Barnes' and Kerr's pans. Gottfried wrote on April 25, 1971:
Subpages
By the time they signed a record contract in 1973, the group was at the height of their buzz. But things took a turn for the worse. Studio sessions were tainted by drug use, alcoholism, and an unprecedented pinball machine addiction stirred inner turmoil among the band members. Though a full-length album was recorded, the band split up before it could be released and the project was shelved indefinitely. The members of the El MidaZ Affair moved on to new phases in their life, while El MidaZ himself became a recluse, never to be heard from again.
“We do try to reach out to a lot of people,” Oxten said. “We haven’t been on just enforcement mode on this situation. We’ve contacted 104 different homes right on the south side and spoke with renters there to try to teach them about the ordinance and not how to be affected negatively by the ordinance.”
I woke up, they checked me and I was continuing to dilate but they said it seemed too slow. Ryan looked at the IV and saw that, while I was sleeping, they kept increasing the drip on the Pitocin. I felt a little betrayed. Hours later I start to feel pain in my right hip. Not contraction pain, although I felt it with each contraction, but pain down in my bone. Later I learned about the "hot spots" that an Epidural can cause. Searing hot pain down to my marrow. It didn't stop till the Epidural wore off. Speaking of the Epidural, I couldn't feel my right leg.
Workbox/File 7:Vocabulary Worksheet, 10 minutes
Life (It's just a bio book)
These thirteen short stories convey often the characterization and tone of a contemporary update of Joyce's Dubliners, however scattered across the midwestern and western cities and towns and villages of a jittery, weary, and off-kilter Irish present. Kevin Barry's debut collection shifts the tales across the landscape, from his homeland into first the North-west of England and then across a Greenland ice scape, where this brief volume ends. They stories begin in the coastal hamlets of Ireland facing west, and gradually move about the land before they start to get restless, as their characters, and they edge off the island.
Yauch was diagnosed with cancer in 2009, resulting in a canceled tour and the delay of their album Hot Sauce Committee. The Beastie Boys were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last month.
“Unwitting racism” can be used to attack the police for being “colour-blind” in their treatment of crime. This approach, according to some witnesses, is flawed for the following reasons:
We understand best when facts are embedded in natural spatial memory.
Step 4: Apply loose powder all over the face with a powder blush.
I am so smitten and in love with this panel, you don't even know! LOVE IT! I love it so much that I have decided to order it after the holidays if it is still available. If it's still there, it was meant to be.
That’s all for now, hope your Tuesday is fabulous :)
Big Bang Backwards
Every holiday party needs a bit of sparkle, and they don’t come much more sparkly than this dichroic glass beauty by Helen Clemons (BlueFairyDesigns), who also makes lovely suncatchers, coasters and bowls:
Hmmm....I wonder if that moment in my life has anything to do with my insecurities??? Actually, I have been feeling like I am doing an ok job lately. D is doing well at school although we have issues to work out with her getting her ass to classes on time. She has said that she doesn't like her English teacher but it just going to have to learn how to deal with it as this is the second time she is taking the class (due to her staying home last year). Oh well, it will be a good lesson for her on how to deal with situations she doesn't control.
I am determined to use only real butter because I know thatit is actually a real substance and not chemically "created". For the past month or two I have kept a couple of sticks on a plate, usually on top of the toaster (the cat can't find it there). If it gets left on the other counter it ends up with "lick" marks on it.
you get the gist.
The problem here was that the victory conditions for this scenario depended on numbers of figures. First side to kill 50% of the opponent´s troops would win. This meant the Evil player had to kill 12 figures, while the Good side only 9.
Step Two
1 Cor 11:11NLT But among the Lord’s people, women are not independent of men, and men are not independent of women.
In the last few days, I did a big deposit from checks coming in from the last few weeks between birds nest, 147 stuff, coffee sales, and the give-a-way through paypal, etc. I have added $1475 to our account. Thank you, Jesus!
"I think there’s a mashing machine somewhere in the TARDIS. Sure I saw it in one of the velodromes."
Or too old to change
It’s no secret around here that we all pretty much want a boy. Brandon for the sheer fact it would be his first boy. Me for the sheer fact that well…it’s time for another boy.The kids because well the boys are feeling a little outnumbered.
It took a lot of effort, but I managed to do all six workouts on the appropriate days for the first week. Including yesterday, when I spent an hour doing Kenpo X at about 8pm last night. With the exception of missing one ab ripper workout.
I loved looking at our shadows fall before us when Maki and I walked in the sun. I was over six feet tall and she barely reached five, and we looked like a parent and child. Years later it occurred to me that she had relied upon me to teach her English, the odd customs of the Santa Cruz hippie lifestyle, and even how to drive the VW. And once the parent/student relationship had outgrown its utility, what would come to take its place?
AF, pointing at herself in the picture: Who's that?
SMAAAAAAAAACKKK! I sob and count.
“Yes! Let’s go!” Creme hastily stood up and started to run off, but Elise caught her arm and managed to tag along on their way to the Keep.
Practice the “keeping going” part. You keep practicing it and the easier it gets.
Moreover it is sold with fifteen megabytes of colon memory as well as people may be qualified to further improve the for you to to as much as 8 gigabytes with extra memory storage, via a expandable memory card place.Clients is going to be qualified to discuss data that will like-minded develop by way of any Bluetooth connectivity together with USB on-line connectivity.Consumers within the Samsung S3030 Tobi will be able to design, distribute plus are given simple text messages and additionally multimedia messages by means of seems not to mention photos.
The festival in Durban is a rather large undertaking. I hear different figures in terms of attendance. You are looking at anywhere from 100,000 to 400,000 people. This is a strange range. In any case, it's big. Tents which house displays, items for sale including food and speaking venues are sizeable and span over the large lot two blocks from the ocean beach front. The lay out arrangement makes for good walking stretches. For me it means a trek from major tent to the drama rehearsal space to the Youth tent and so on.
When you are signed in to blogger at the top right of your screen you should see DESIGN.
Oh, and just in case you’re wondering why I’m focusing on the WWE and not smacking my (expletive) on the crying, abused face of Dixie Carter, it’s because TNA is so mediocre and asinine that they aren’t worthy of my time. With that being said, Part 3 focuses on TNA’s championships.
Tammy and I both struggled in the studio on Thursday. I'm blaming the humidity. I think I managed to get only one decent piece in the annealer; Tammy may have done a little better. But that's okay because it only makes us more determined to show up again for our next session at the bench and try even harder.
5:29: Ding ding ding! He correctly deduced it was another car.
GSA published a notice of its planned procurement on February 2, 2009. The subsequent conference planning meetings included the following:
Sloan's not a killer. So when she’s next to get her brain scanned for the government initiative, Project Reform, she never expects to end up in the Desolate, an island full of teens marked as future killers.
Stevens, David - WHITE FOR DANGER
Look at the bible… see if this is true. Take the remarkable young-man Joseph, son of promise, dreamer of dreams… slave, prisoner, sexually harassed, betrayed, over-looked, diminished, but always faithful guy. Joseph seemed somehow to hold onto the dream God gave him as a young man. He trusted in God’s ability to accomplish the dream, not his own ability to make it happen. He must have, to make it through decades of mis-treatment and delay, repeated frustrations and setbacks…all without loosing perspective on who was going to really make his dream become a reality.
To Bloomsbury next where
Then I write the last line first. From a workshop by the Harlequin author Molly O’Keefe, I got the concept that the entire book hurtles toward the last line. By writing the last line first, I would get the “theme” or message for my book. Here’s an example: “But happiness waited for them both here. Here—where they had found home.” This story will be about a couple not only falling in love, but also finding out where they belong in the world.
A lively track with a candid concept, the title of the song – ‘Door Ni Kulne’ (Door not opening) is a line that you may be familiar with especially if you’ve been in trouble with Mum or Dad! The lyrics to the song echo stereotypical concerns and complaints that parents may have. Not to be taken too seriously the track adds a little humor and fun to the age-old parental warning of ‘Door Ni Kulne’!
During the first hour or so while Juan Cho was explaining his vision of the business, his wife Abelina Cho was performing hostess duties. She brought out 2 plates of chocolate with different varieties on each plate. The first plate had chocolate pieces that were 80% cacao. Tasty, not bitter, sweetened with natural cane sugar, which is grown on another farm owned by the Cho family. The second plate had samples that were 75% cacao, mixed with cane sugar, cacao nibs and milk. The nibs add a crunchy texture and contributes additionally to the chocolate flavour. (On a side note, Juan referred to his wife as “The Chocolate Princess.”)
Eliminate mold. Keeping warm air out and dehumidifiers and air conditioners on helps keep your air fresh and also prevents mold from growing. To rid your home of mold, any non-washable materials, such as carpeting, need to be disposed of. Washable materials can be washed with a 5% chlorine bleach solution.
Optional step available on request, allowing for assisted entry for the ambulant user.
Sid had Johnny’s arms now and he pulled him to the passenger side of the Taurus.
Some lucky someone is going to get a beautiful little piece of bling bling on Wednesday, all details on the bottom. And do visit her fabulous store....so many beautiful things that only look like a million dollars! Click here to visit the beautiful new Splenderosa shop just brimming with all kinds of fabulous little sparklers! Lets go.....
Science North had many educational and informative exhibits and theatres for kids and adults of all ages to enjoy. We watched Born to Be Wild 3D at the IMAX Theatre, which was a fascinating look into two different wildlife rescue centres and the women who started the incredible rehabilitation centres to faciliatate the return of these creatures to the wild. One story takes place in Kenya where abandoned and orphaned baby elephants are rescued, and the other takes place in the rainforests of Borneo where orphaned chimps are rescued. The reasons why these animals are in such dire need is due completely to the reckless actions of humans - the elephant poachers and the destruction of the rainforests. This movie provides a look into those who devote their lives to reversing these savage acts.
achieve?
I am your fear
The ribbon I am not too sure about as it was also only a little piece I had lying about, so I will have to lie if I told you which make/brand it is....lolOkay the Papers and basically everything on this card was out my scrap box and the odds and ends box.....
If you’re talking sex it means, “TITS ARE FOR TRANNIES.” Yelling out or typing a capitalized TR4T when things have things have become too sexy for your tastes diffuses the tension by creating a layer of confusion between you and the awkward sex talker. They will think, “Does he really believe tits are only for trannies? Well, then what are women supposed to do with their tits? I mean, think of all those wasted hooters. Is this man gay or just mentally challenged?” Regardless, it keeps the creeper off talk of balls and whores and his or her sexual escapades because you don’t want to picture them having sex anyway. Win-Win.
We got a bit of an ice storm last night...we haven't had one of those in a number of years. I think there's about a quarter inch of ice everywhere. I left about 20 min. earlier than normal. The roads were fine, but of course, the bike path was covered. I walked my bike along various sections where I felt I might have trouble, even though my mountain bike with the studded tires does good. With lower air pressure in the tires, you get even better traction, but still, I wanted to be safe. A few guys passed me, and were riding road and/or hybrid bikes and were doing fine. Made me feel like a "wimp" for walking! :) ha. But everyone has to do what they feel comfortable doing.
8. Wake Up Dreaming
A recent 10 minute drive to work provided:
Thank the person who gave you this award.
Once upon a time, Delancey Stewart sat down to write a YA novel. Encouraged by the successes in this market that she’d seen recently achieved by other young (ahem) female writers who were new to the publishing game, she figured she could do it too. And quickly — like in a month — she wrote a first draft. Then she rewrote it entirely, and called it a second draft. Then she exposed it to the glaring light of day and realized that it still needed work. And she was tired.
1 poverty
The SCBWI has been such a blessing and through it I have learned so much. Not only does the SCBWI provide excellent professional development opportunities, but it’s a very encouraging group of people. Everyone is so supportive of one another and for me, it has been important to belong to a group like that.
The story here is that John Cena is angry at The Rock for turning his back on the WWE when he wanted to be known as Dwayne Johnson. I mean, why would he want to drop The Rock moniker when he can pad the WWE’s pockets for doing nothing other than owning the name, The Rock?!? What legitimate actor would rather be known as Dwayne Johnson as opposed to The Rock?!? CENA DOESN’T UNDERSTAND!!! Cena is about as smart as a bag of rocks apparently. This part isn’t a work, this is actually some of Cena’s legit beef with The Rock. Oh Cena also got angry because The Rock said he was never leaving again in a promo last year and then was off TV for months. Clearly Cena has the brain capacity of a 4 year-old and takes everything that is said literally. The Rock, well he just doesn’t like John Cena, and who can blame him? He thinks he looks stupid in all his Rainbow Bright, Fruity Pebbles t-shirts and jean shorts (he does), he thinks all his mottos like Hustle, Loyalty, Respect and Rise Above Hate are plain stupid (they are) and he is as sick of seeing Cena as the rest of us (WE ARE!) and has let Cena know it.
When talking with Jonathan's school friend today, we used the example of his juggling. He's an expert juggler for his age and he spends a lot of time researching technique, watching pros on youtube, finding the right equipment, practicing, and even choreographing new and unique rhythms. "Just think how much you learn about juggling all the time!" I pointed out, and we talked about how learning isn't something one only does at school. He does learn at school, and he's an excellent student, but that's one way to learn among many. He seemed happy at that notion, that he learns at school but he learns in other ways at other times and in other places as well, and it's not always stressful or boring or difficult.
DCWV Embellishments
Here is my recipe for vegetarian stir fried Romaine lettuce with Nam Yee.
When I was a college sophomore, Tri and I decided to go up to Boston one weekend to visit his friend (I’ll call her D) and her boyfriend Y. It was one of my first interactions with his friends from Nepal. I was happy to practice my budding Nepali skills with them, and they were unbelievably kind to me.
I know will be there until the very end.
She was sick, but there was hope.
Bear Republic Brewing Co Healdsburg, CA Racer X Double IPA
Mercy, mercy the references to past episodes. I have already mentioned Jack’s blending and betrayal. There is also appearances by every major Jaffa and Tok’ra character who were anywhere near Vancouver at the time of filming. Jack and Sam share an awkward moment when the Tok’ra lie detector is used and it brings back memories of Jack’s confession of feelings for her. Teal’c namedrops Apophis. Jacob talks about his cancer. So on and so on. All the new Sci Fi viewers should now be caught up to date with the Showtime years.
4 sculpture
1927/1928 – Wings
"Socialite...
Talking of which, yesterday we took a walk to the park en famille. The eldest had his bike, the other 2 had their nifty scooters. I ran most of the way trying to keep up with buddy and to stop him meeting his untimely death on the main road. So it got me thinking of doing this (with appropriate clothing of course) during the Easter Holidays. However, the children had other plans today.
We moved on to Italy for our next round of the Wine Walk.
1 tsp vanilla extract
Today for lunch using leftover brown rice and broccoli I came up with this recipe. It was delicious.
One day, the dog’s foster mom noticed this dog had a passionate need to search for and find things, and also to fetch them and bring them back. It wasn’t just like a normal game of fetch for this dog, either — she could toss a ball while he was tucked away out of sight, and he would miraculously appear primed-and-ready to go find whatever had just been tossed. He almost had a drive to go find things, like it was his purpose in life.
2009-10 Panini Basketball
____ Enjoy a belly laugh daily
Indulge your guilty pleasures with the deviously dark bronzing formula that will instantly make others envious of your Sinfully Black® color. No need to repent! Be proud of your dark, rich color! Get greedy with this 15x brew of Hemp Seed Oil, Black Currant Oil, KuKui Nut Oil and other skin nourishing Vitamins for skin so soft and gorgeous it will be lusted over! Being this dark is sinful.
Average Monthly Pageviews: 5,280
My feet are off the ground
And people are mad - understandably so. The stupid little girls in this video even say to the black people watching their video "Please be offended, because we are making fun of you."
1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons dried flaked unsweetened coconut, divided
*Alcohol does not freeze so it adds to the softer, creamier consistency of the ice cream. Adding a tad more, like I did, at 8 tablespoons, might get you really super soft ice cream, that melts quicker. Use your judgement and take into account your preferences.
Here’s the deal, when I ask someone how they are, I personally don’t care how busy they are, if I wanted to know how busy you were, I would ask how busy are you. When someone tells us that they are busy the underlining message is, they don’t really want to talk to you and even if that is not the case, it still seems that way. Busy is a good thing and it’s great to be busy, but going around telling me that you busy and that is how you are doing, you are missing the question. To many times do I get the response that they are so busy with work and extra stuff, news flash we are busy in our normal lives, doesn’t mean you have to respond that you are busy.
I walked around campus asking people what they’re nerdy about. Some people said they didn’t really watch television, or films or read comic books and I explained that I wanted to know what they loved, or what their favorite thing to do was.
28,663 FC runs with 80 centuries at 53.37
one 9 1/4 x 9 1/4 piece for backing
Player spots, sponsorship opportunities, and volunteer positions are still available!
“Let’s just finish this mission and get back to Crystell Castle with as many men as we can. The sooner this job is done, the sooner Arrys’s men will be at ease.”
So how do we graciously allow ourselves exclusive space? When is exclusion appropriate and when is it objectionable? How do we determine exactly how exclusive we need to be?
Art Deco is influenced by Greek, Roman, and Egyptian styles, as well as Aztec designs. Popular ornaments include chevrons, sunbursts and zig-zags. Materials used in Art Deco design, both industrial and decorative, include aluminum, stainless steel, chrome and Bakelite.
Green co-leader Patrick Harvie said the cover was "ill-judged and patronising", but added:
grated zest & juice of 1 orange
1) I’ve had my battery replaced for free (including shipping both ways) when I had a phone problem. No haggling, no assumption that I did something wrong to my phone first.
I have less time for my personal life when work is busy. And that's okay.
Shirt: Classic Tank-Blue Mouse- Illmatic
Every tale that you spin
You can take it in the shower,
I just finished your book about 5 minutes ago, Cracked, I breezed through it in about 2 days, even with school I could hardly put it down.
I wonder what's planned for the next thirty years.
AND (for those who understand Italian) here is the phone call asserting command (it starts a short way in). The furious voice speaking in beautiful Tuscan is from the Capitaneria , the Neapolitan voice ordered to put its mouth in front of the telephone and speak up, is that of the captain of the Concordia.
For the stamping, I did 2nd generational stamping by stamping off the ink first on a piece of scrap paper and then stamping onto the white panel. I did the same thing one more time, but turned the stamp ever so slightly. I didn't want the leaves to be as dark as the bird. Finally, I stamped the bird. Originally, I thought I would be coloring the bird, so I used Memento ink, but then I liked it exactly as it was.
This was the moment James had been waiting for, the one moment he thought would never happen was about to, he took off his jeans as Melissa dropped her skirt.
When you are spending your hard-earned money on original games, which may, at times, be the only kind of amusement you can get, why in the world would you engage in such risky behavior and not make backups? Stuff occurs, and you must be expecting the worst. After all, if you don’t know how to copy Wii games, the only things you have than you can lose is your cash and your game disks.
(pottery by Gary Rith)
“E” is our little artist. He can read and write and does pretty well academically. He can watch a video and then draw the graphics from that video. This is usually the end credits because he likes letters and numbers. They are all done in bubble letters. His memory of the details is fantastic! He is a great kid with a lot of potential. Love working with this kid!
I think I’m dying. One day I’ll explode and then I’ll be sorry I didn’t exercise and explore the area more – I mean there’s a lovely bench up near the loch; I could easily walk the quarter-mile there and sit all day, then walk back, averting my eyes from MacDonald’s (I don’t really like them anyway – it’s not my thing).
Many authors, professional and amateur, confuse bickering with conflict, but unless there is an element of desire, such as one of the characters wanting information that the other doesn’t want to give, then there is no conflict, merely disagreement. I made that mistake in Light Bringer. I had a lot of historical information I needed to impart, so I had a group of people arguing about it in the hope that it would seem more immediate, but since there was no desire, except the relative low tension one of the characters wanting to be heard, it came across as bickering. I kept the section because it was a more interesting way of presenting the material than a lecture, and it did show the personalities of the characters, but there was not the immediacy conflict would have brought to the piece.
Here is the one I have created
I got in 20 minutes of cardio earlier, as well as 20 minutes of my devotional book, plus I'm still working on decluttering my house. Two big bags of stuff got taken to the Collin Cty Children's Advocacy Center's drop off today, and I have lots more to go!
I didn’t really feel like drawing pictures today, but then I decided to anyway because whatever. Also chocolate cupcakes have been made and they smell good, which makes me immediately think of that time when I ate a chocolate cupcake while I was engaging in a passionate bout of solo play.
Mitsubishi's L200 pick-up has a rich history in the line-up: the 75bhp 1.1-litre three-cylinder petrol engine, a 95bhp four-cylinder 1.3-litre powerplant that looks set to work on securing a piece of the mitsubishi commercial song line in cables hanging around all over the mitsubishi commercial song and not particularly ready direct injection unit rather than a truck.
if you buy fresh sage to make roasted pork with it or to put it between two thin potato slices to fry them in delicious homemade chips, you should know that you'll have plenty more sage for other tasty recipes. one of them is this one, adapted from jamie oliver again.
I have been swamped at work and thankfully making a few sales on ebay which has kept me busy like crazy.
Until a few high speed routes, already operational. Travel from Turin to Milan is easy and the cesana italy accommodation and the romantically rugged landscape of the cesana italy accommodation, exhibiting the cesana italy accommodation to those who want to buy a property for sale in Italy, that is well-understood in the cesana italy accommodation and the cesana italy accommodation from Milan to Rome will be spoiled for choice.
would be around to see.
Some vampires going into the room shoved her from behind, breaking Addison out of her temporary paralysis. Looking down, Addison wiped at a few tears that clung to her wet cheeks as she avoided their angry stares.
so isn’t Newt Gingrich right?
Which brings us back to the myth of the Noble Savage; when the inevitable clash of ‘cocoons’ occurred, some survived better than others and some perished, like the original Noble Savages on their erotic islands - ravaged by venereal disease. In all fairness to their 15-century European conquerors; viruses are also just follow their Darwinian programming to expand their ‘world/existence’ whenever and wherever possible. And it will be brutally unfair towards Westerners to hold them responsible (via White Guilt) for the, then unknown, clash of microbiological ‘cocoons’ caused by their loins. The aforementioned tragedy has, thanks to advances in science, little chance of occurring again – simply because we do have the innate ability to recognize the error of our ways. To be able to do so automatically implies progressive behaviour; something which, given the human condition 2000 years ago, needs no further explanation. Why? Well, error recognition is based, for the most part, on our innate rational ability to recognize patterns. Whether it is the EU’s recognition that Nietzsche’s ‘will to power’ or Fukuyama’s ‘need for/of recognition’ drove individuals like Hitler or Napoleon to be the authors of their socio-cultural locale’s collective discontent, or Einstein’s recognition that mass increases in proportion to an increase in speed, the fact remains that pattern recognition is fundamental to any rational understanding of the truth we so desperately try our utmost to approximate. So, when a Noble Savage in South Africa deems it necessary to kill an innocent person simply because a purely random natural phenomenon like a lightning strike occurred, then we are, as rational beings, obligated to ask if there is actually some or other universally recognizable pattern that justifies this specific course of action. Now, I’m not even going to be politically correct by trying to honour any Noble Savage belief-system by using every-day examples (and experience) to disprove this primitive nonsense. It suffices to say that no universally recognizable pattern will ever emerge when examining such despicably barbaric actions that, ultimately, only succeed in negating all the collective knowledge humanity has painfully gathered over the ages.
"And congestion charge. But that doesn't have VAT."
It's a little bit lumpy here and there (not that there's something wrong with lumpiness!) but I think for a first try... it's pretty good! I may make tutorials of these two displays later on!
“We want an economy fueled by what we invent and what we build. We’re going back to Thomas Edison’s principles. We’re going to build stuff and invent stuff.”
“Hi, Ginger. My name’s Twiggy.”
STYLE QUOTE: “Style is an expression of individualism mixed with charisma. Fashion is something that comes after style.” -John Fairchild
play dates
“It’s not so much a question of faith in his abilities, it’s more a question of his sanity. He said he’s going to cast a spell to teleport me.”
a) everyone already knows about these artists? i.e. don't bore us, Ralph, get to the chorus!
Unfortunately, wishes always take ”were”s. When making a statement that is not factual, the verb is in the subjunctive mood, and the subjuctive of verb “to be” is “were” in the past tense, regardless of what the subject is.
Government of Ontario, Ministry of Consumer and Business Services (MCBS)
We should also remind ourselves that for Gandhi and his associates his experiments on brahmacharya were not part of their secret lives.
Jonsi: No. I can honestly say I don't really listen to my own music any more. Once I've created something I'd rather just move onto the next thing than go backwards. I never revisit my old records.
And I am still not quite finished with prizes, because as this is a special month for us, this months Top 3 challenge entrants will also receive a little prize rather like this which I have put together...........
Then we begin, and we are asked to set an intention and I pray “God help me value my body today”. If I’m lucky at some point, even for a second, I’ll be challenged so much that I’ll ignore the hottie next to me and the mirrors all around the room, and I can focus on nothing else but balance and strength.
Powered by Linky Tools
TV host: He said it was permitted.
“The right to assemble was granted and I was convinced then, as I am now, that if Merdeka Stadium was accepted as the venue for the sit-down rally, the ugly scenes we witnessed on April 28, 2012, would not have occurred and our country would have been spared of yet another trauma after Bersih 2.0 in July last year.”
All last week I helped my Husband with the decor for his Mother Daughter Tea event that took place on Saturday. The theme was Breakfast At Tiffany's. My Husband likes to keep the budget for decorations low, yet still wants it to be cute. Thank goodness he has a wife(Me) to help him out! I love the challenge.
Even if I didn't pick up.
Once, he would smile. He would laugh. He would take on an optimistic attitude, and face life without worries, but…it doesn’t last long.
Since there are many hosts in our environments, we cannot fire of a job that connects to each node sequentially, we will use some amount of parallelism (GPars of course !)
That way a leader is better able to leverage on fortuitous events that occur on his watch and better equipped to limit the damage of the unpropitious, always given that an amoral stance towards anything and anyone ensures that nothing sticky attaches to his Teflon flanks.
Whilst I really enjoyed the fighting aspect and the reincarnation aspect, I feel the story was somewhat predictable and that it fell flat in areas. As it turns out, I got the villain completely wrong, but I was happy with who it turned out to be because:
one topiary if you get far enough from it, one head of broccoli. Our eyeballs make walls
● 14 million of the uninsured were eligible (but chose not) to enroll in government-sponsored health programs like Medicaid and SCHIP (State Children’s Health Insurance Program) (BlueCross Assoc.)
Things are going great!
I thought, if every person everywhere sang like John we would hear the mighty song of all God’s people!
Contemporary art fairs are frequent events in Paris and generally something to be viewed with suspicion. I know little of the art that will be featured at this sale beyond the fact that it will focus on graffiti and street art, but it should be worth visiting for the architecture of the venue alone. The Halle Fressinet was built in 1927 and served for 80 years as a freight storage facility on the Paris – Orléans railway line, before being reinvented recently as an exhibition venue.
Either scenario is terrifying. Both scenario’s are almost identical and can be applied to each other. One side believes it is God’s punishment for sin, the other believes it is our punishment for being sheep. Both believe that we can survive and in some cases prevent this from happening. Although I have observed many who plan to let it happen. Who revel in the events eventuality. It would certainly disturb some of you to know, some willingly wish to help these mythical rulers execute this plan. They feel that somehow these monsters will see fit to care for them and lift them from the destruction for their obedience.
I wrote about this on my blog (since I have a whole series devoted to such things: Faux Pas Fridays!). Here it goes again:
I watched it fall, safely, warmly from behind the window. And then 6 hours later, I stepped out.
The Design Team for Gina K. Designs welcomes you to another fabulous Inspiration Blog Hop!!! Gina and the Design Team will inspire you with many beautiful ideas! And as you hop through their blogs, make sure to leave a comment on each of them because we will choose a few random comments and those stampers will each win a grab bag of deeply etched, pre-cut Gina K. Designs stamps! To see the full list of winners check the Big News forum at Stamp TV a couple of days after the hops!!
Where I drown here, underneath these existential waves
UPDATE: Paul Westerdawg passes on what he’s heard. The surprise is ‘Bama staying on the schedule (at home, no less) and Ole Miss dropping off.
1. Start with a Correct and Complete Listing
An old rado-scarred bum walks up to the Needle to tell a guard that he has found Jonah Hex and that he wants the 2,000 soames reward (or about $12.14 in today's money). The bum says that he saw Hex hanging out by the old game pier. The guard explains that they have already caught Hex and the reward has been claimed. However, he gives the bum some soames to hold him over. The bum leaves and guard is excited about how he can collect the reward for locating Jonah Hex.
- oh sweetest of all sweet lusts! -
Remade a few years later, with sound, as Kongo, it's hard not to draw comparisons between Tod Browning's version and the later film, so closely do they hew to the same template. There are a few substantial differences -- the remake cuts out the extended stage-magic prologue that no doubt fascinated Browning, always a fan of unusual theatre folk, and also adds in a significant character -- but for the most part the narrative is almost jarringly similar, entire scenes playing out with near-identical results. The sound version is, if anything, rather more thoroughgoing in its seediness, layering further outrages on the manifold moral excesses already onscreen in 1928.
Jesus, this blog did not go where I had intended it to expand. But it felt good to release. It is a means to an end that was necessary for my troubled thoughts. Merrp. Oh, and I am reading 50 Shades of Grey which is extremely provocative and is seriously inspiring some sexy poetry soon. Ciao ciao.
(cup results)
To be honest, I don’t even know where to begin with Wilkinson. I don’t know anyone who would consider him a sound theological resource for Christian orthodoxy, but his message is one that certainly appeals to the vast majority of Christians searching for a warm and fuzzy feeling.
I use to want to be thicker, but with age I’ve learned to appreciate my figure. I’m grateful that I don’t have to hit the gym multiple times a week, I can eat at whatever time I’d like, and I’m not miserable from dieting. It’s comical to me how non-skinny bitches like to comment on our size, but so desperately try to be smaller. It’s pathetic that to feel better about themselves, they have to try to put us down. Eating what you want, when you want and any portion you’d like is what living is all about. As we continue to get older, these curvier women will continue to get larger and I’ll be maintaining my cute figure. Perhaps I’ll gain just enough weight with age. I’ll surely be flexing on you hoes and asking, “how you like me now” (just kidding).
Throw in the pear chunks (you don’t have to peel them) and the almonds.
The past few weeks have been a whirlwind. Every weekend I've embarked on a new adventure...zip lining, horseback riding, random beach trips and even a New York family visit. All of which has made it THAT much harder to return to work on Mondays.
So now it's your turn ! :-) Happy Crafting !!
Talking about names and what we could have been named, the below conversation has me still cracking up:
Which brings us back to the beginning of the movie. Why should Thor lead? He is not worthy. The film itself has declared it so. But the touch of the political isn’t in the movie to condemn the notion of dynasties—we have that problem in our country, too—but to maneuver Thor into growing up into a decent man.
I know, I know. I just said I wouldn't miss it. And granted there are certain things that I won't miss. But I think I'll miss it more than I won't. I love this giant basketball that makes the rest of me look balanced. I love not having to suck in or worry about that lovely Buddah roll I usually have. Plus, it gives me lots of...
I thought the tears would no longer come. But as they dismantle the tarpaulins, the flowers, the chairs and all the trappings of a funeral, it hit me hard. The winds howled as they loaded you to the hearse, so did my heart.
And a lot more trust
So who’s going to take the lead? We expect this to be the ISO (International Organization for Standardization) after DIN submitted its standard proposal in December 2007.
International reputation in tatters
an honest woman out of Adam.
McKinney P, Fear B, Stockton D. Parental occupation at periconception: Findings from the United Kingdom Childhood Cancer Study. Occup Environ Med 2003; 60: 901-909.
Avery Brewing Company Karma
b) SMS to 012- 681 **** Your Email Address or Order Number Paid Amount to Name of bank on Date Time From which Bank
1 tbsp ghee
NEWARK, May 1, 2012—NJIT Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering Kamalesh K. Sirkar was awarded a patent today for his water desalination technology. “Desalination Devices and Systems Using Porous Hydrophobic Hollow Fibers and Hydrophobic Porous Coatings” (US Patent Number 8,167,143) discloses membrane devices and methods for direct contact membrane distillation and vacuum membrane. Sirkar is Foundation Professor in Membrane Separations at NJIT’s Newark College of Engineering http://chemicaleng.njit.edu/. To see Sirkar at work, please visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdTaSrtoqBQ.
Brooklyn, NY-- Heart of Brooklyn (HOB) is excited to announce a green new way to visit its cultural campus and Olmsted and Vaux designed Prospect Park: on the seat of one of the bicycles now available to rent at Grand Army Plaza thanks to Bike and Roll NYC’s arrival in Brooklyn! In partnership with Prospect Park Alliance, a Bike and Roll kiosk offering bicycle rentals for both adults and children will be on site just east of the Grand Army Plaza arch each Friday, Saturday and Sunday through September 26.
These days, bartering is still alive and well. In my case, one way I save money by bartering is that I review books for a Web site. I don’t get paid for the reviews, but I get to keep the books, which then become gifts for friends and family. To me, that’s a pretty good tradeoff. Books are wonderful gifts and ones you can personally recommend are even better.
KUALA LUMPUR — Home Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein today called last weekend’s BERSIH rally ‘a failure’, pointing out that the air quality in the city has not only stayed dirty and smoggy, it got worse.
Sometimes our sorry's are small, for small things which only affected one person. In these situations the ripples don't travel very far, they move out and are then absorbed by the water and forgotten.
This is a reminder that I have posted a variety of slideshows that you can use with your child at home to review letters, sounds, high-frequency sight words, numbers and making 5 and 10. Go to our Kindergarten website and click on the bottom bar on the left to access the nine different slide shows. You can use your mouse or the Enter key to advance through the slides.
The Federal Drug Administration (FDA) publicly stated that there was no heparin shortage because of the recalls but, uh, when you've got three of five manufactures recalling it and hospitals practically rationing supplies, that's a problem.
Snikiddy Fries $1/1 - expires 3/31/2011
strange language to describe sounds to musicians or engineers, like
I have recently been doing research on one of the greatest artist/sculptors of our time, Alexander Calder. Not only did he create a whole new form of art--MOBILES, he also was responsible for making us understand that art did not always have to succomb to the pull of gravity, that sculpture could be "light," it could take flight. (I put light in quotes because many of his monumental mobiles weighed tons.)
until i could move again... when i got up, the inside of me was steady
Coconut oil, to grease the pan
But conscience must ask the question, “Is it right?”
At first I was horrified when I saw the size of the book, and I quickly decided that it was definitely one to be read at home and not on my commute into town! When I picked up the book to start reading I was quite relieved to see that it was two complete book in one!
Well, kiddos, that will be all for today. On a sidenote, my phone wanted to autocorrect “kiddos” to “midsized”.
- The New Blood Orchestra conduit par Ben Foster
THERE IT WAS, the Bloody Red Hand of O'Neill. On every street corner.*
Linoleic Acid – An essential fatty acid. Used in cosmetics, vitamins. Alternatives: (See alternatives to Fatty Acids.)
Gemma Halliday, Cindy M. Hogan, Elizabeth Spann Craig, Nova Ren Suma, Elisa Ludwig, and Anne R. Allen... Just to name a few!
City Press can reveal the Hawks were investigating damaging claims that almost R200 000 for renovations to Mthethwa’s house in KwaMbonambi, northern KwaZulu-Natal, was paid out of the “slush fund” when the probe was shut down.
Rights, make poor snacks for nefarious beasts; usually, glitter
Love you little sises!
The Stoke-on-Trent North Constituency Labour Party hopes that this does not cause undue problems when viewing the website.
8. Write poetry.
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro
"How can you be so sure?" asked the chief.
Cotton Mather had been the target of a few barbs in the newspaper Franklin worked for, the Courant. Cotton demonstrated his high level of character by informing Benjamin that he held no animosity or resentment for the pointed remarks.
Sreekumar says that at the end of the session, belief is that Devi comes, blesses all the men who are dressed as woman, and makes their wish real. For more information on this celebration, you can go through the detailed post written by Anu from Sincerely yours.
Local antique stores and flea markets
Junior Nation, let me preface the rest of this post by telling you that I am not going to bash your hero. That’s not my style. I can’t call myself The Unbiased Race Fan if I am going to throw a a bunch of biased statements at you about why I think Junior hasn’t won. I may pose some hard questions, and some hard statements… but it’s not in my nature to bash someone.
Normally in this type of review I would list the chapters, but in the case of this book you’ll probably want to know what’s in each chapter. So, here is the complete Table of Contents from the Packt Publishing web site:
The movie is nice. It has very good flow, no scene is strange and everything is kinda logically happen, no exaggeration at all.
The other side has my apothocary jars that are filled with speckled eggs and pastel jelly beans, I'm having a hard time telling the kiddos they are just for decoration, and not a constant snacking trough, more then once I've caught Peyton pulling a chair over to the piece of furniture so he can get a little snack, and as I'm typing this I realize that the bathroom step stool is over there now, a little friend must've snuck a few more! : )
It reminded me of the the invisibility of older women. I got my first taste of not just being looked down upon because I don’t conform to the current ideal of physical beauty, but actually ceasing to exist in the gaze of those around me. It was a confronting experience, but an interesting lesson.
Elected unto God’s Favor in Justification!*The Reprobate is PREDESTINED** unto
They are serving potatoes and burgers but there is a catch, the tables will be called randomly and of course, we aren't chosen until the very end. To say I was starving is like saying Amy Winehouse liked to party. (Too soon?).
Born from above, Nicodemus!
Our favorite RV park in Astoria is Lewis and Clark Golf and RV Resort, just south of town. It's a nice park, but even better, it's one of our 1/2 price Camp Club USA parks. We are staying for three nights, and the price for a premium (golf course frontage) full-hookup site is $22.50 per night--a little higher than our $6 Washington State Parks, but not too bad, especially since there's a lot to see and do in Astoria. We also paid $2 per night for WIFI, which used to be included in the price.
Cover and refrigerate for a minimum of 1 hour.
You see, he wanted the phones back to keep communication with the child, and to keep any evidence found against him. This man is angry that his actions have been interrupted, not repentant. Did I mention that he is a minister in a church? Jason Kidd and his wife, and the perpetrator’s wife all filled out affidavits.
MB: I've spanked the hecklers in front with a giant rubber weiner.. thrown water or beer on the mouthy ones
With each passing day, grace becomes more and more alive to those who are willing to cast all of their life on Jesus who can and does what we can’t and won’t. Grace. A sweet word. A sweet sound.
as i mentioned my health has pretty much taken over my life - today seeing my Dr - he thinks it has to do with my positive ANA results (auto immune disease) - so next step is to see a Rhumatologist (sp) and get more testing done - but i have been putting this off b/c just like my cancer results - do i really wanna know? - the BRCA positive results have turned my world upside down - and to find out if i really do have a serious illness going on, well i'm scared - and goes back to - is it better to know or not to know? - this changes moment to moment for me - it hasn't been easy to say the least
My College Play was barely born
Yet over the past ten years, the economies of Sweden and Switzerland, which are not members of the eurozone, have grown 2.25 and 1.75 percent respectively, the report states.
a. My husband surprised me this weekend with a getaway to a cabin the mountains for our anniversary. The beauty of the landscape is spectacular! God never ceases to amaze me! It was a much-needed get away and was very relaxing.
I've also been waiting for the delivery of some net curtain wire to hang curtains for the playhouse outside (thank you Sue for your suggestion!) I wasn't able to find any net curtain wire in the US - so I got it from an e-bay shop in the UK. The curtains are made from 2 yards of cotton I got years ago but never used - I don't think I ever liked the pattern but I think it works well for the little house.
I finally went home happy that night, full of stories of the past and the present. And as I approached the gate, I saw my mother cooking dinner with the radio beside her. I kissed her and and as I take off my shoes I heard a familiar voice on the radio. Since she first broadcasted in DZRH as a correspondent, IRISH MAY IGNACIO has been my mother’s favorite. She first broadcasted on-air when one of the female reporters died of an unfortunate accident. She was reporting about the awards night which she recently covered. I suddenly perked when I heard her say the name JOSE MARI GARCIA who, as she related, recently won the Palanca Award for his book of poems for Filipino children.
Concerns about adoption
sydney stopped what she was doing and exclaimed:
I see nobody, for miles around I can see everything but I can see nobody. No signs of life, no lights, no smoke billowing from terraced housing balanced halfway up the mountainous man-made hill to the left of my eye-line.
Brooklyn Dodgers? Never heard of ‘em. Could you imagine these words coming from born and bred Brooklynites? Inconceivable, right? Think again.
A new copyright web forum called Copygrounds has been launched by staff and students at the Department of Radio-Television-Film at the University of Texas. The first blog is a fascinating interview with Joel Tenenbaum, who became the poster boy for illegal filesharers around the world after being sued by the Recording Industry Association of America (see previous blogs here!).
The clock is ticking down.... almost time for VC Rocks 2012. The ladies on Facebook are in the starting gates, ready to race into all the activities of the VC Season.
1 tsp chili pepper flakes
So while many have conceded to the self-evident fact that Romney is the nominee…some on the right are still being stupid and saying that Romney won’t win the general election. Which is mind-boggling as well. For instance there is this idiotic article from Reason magazine “Obama is a Lock.” (It’s a shocker that libertarians are not making practical assessments of the current situation…because libertarians are so known for treating everything so practically and pragmatically). Among their killer evidence that Romney can’t win is
and the little story
Which flight did you miss? The one I booked for you? How did you get the ticket?
I hope you had a Blessed Easter Sunday.
Brown Memorial Baptist Church
Trousers: Superfine
When you do a leash correction, make sure that you are not timid, anxious, nervous, or excited. As the leader, you need to be calm and assertive in your corrections or else your dog won’t take you seriously. If done correctly, with the right intensity and energy and timing, you should see your dog respond by lowering the head, looking at you, sitting down, or putting the ears back. A properly timed leash correction can change a dog’s behavior instantly and a smart dog needs only to be corrected in this way once or twice before getting the message that what they are doing is unacceptable behavior.
Day 7- a photo that makes you happy
The Secret Prophecy - Herbie Brennan
Zinzer primer
"Osama bin Laden, as we all know, had the very grave responsibility of spreading division and hatred amongst the people, causing the death of countless of people, and of instrumentalizing religion for this end," he said. "In front of the death of man, a Christian never rejoices but rather reflects on the grave responsibility of each one in front of God and men, and hopes and commits himself so that every moment not be an occasion for hatred to grow but for peace."
Thanks guys!
As a Mystic, I am encouraged to see certain events from a perspective of someone who simply observes the situation “as is.”
Laid not your hand on me.
Who will work on the oil spill or prosecute the car bomber from Times Square?
Enough chit chat.
I just watched a rain come through and it made me smile. It’s not summer yet, but I remember longing for a summer rain when I was little.
me at the urinal trough. And whether
With so many birthdays my kids get invited to a year, I usually avaerage $10-15 for a gift. $7.49 sounds pretty good to me!
The film is the story of a remarkable little boy who goes to a Catholic school in Mumbai where the children bring elaborate and delicious lunches to school (in tall stacked tiffin boxes). Nobody seems to know it—or do anything about it—but Stanley doesn’t have any lunch. The other children are glad to share with Stanley, who is a marvellous storyteller and friend, but a mean teacher (who wants the food they bring himself!) puts a halt to their joyful buffets. He tells Stanley that he can’t come to school if he doesn’t bring his own lunch.
The giveaway will start today and go through April 31st and then on May 1st I will announce the winner. Give it a try, see what you think. ENJOY!!!
As I said, the murder of Channon and Christopher are well known across the internet, however, elsewhere, it has only so far been reported in the local Knoxville press. Compare that to the vicious murder of James Byrd Jnr htt. at the hands of three drunken white men. As with Stephen Lawrence in Britain, Byrd's murder became a cause célèbre in America, a hate crime which to this day, ten years later, is repeatedly referred to in the press, on both sides of the Atlantic. Whereas details of the Christian Newsom murder is suppressed, and when it is mentioned said to be motivated by theft rather than hate.
The Forgetter
Seeker of truth and wisdom. You could have seen your future lives. Others perceived you as an idealist illuminating path to future. The lesson that your last past life brought to your present incarnation:
Gladys sucked in a deep breath and tried again. The little car’s engine revved as she gave it all the gas she could as she tried to ease out on the clutch and move on over the bridge, but the water kept distracting her causing her to pop the clutch and die. Finally she caught the gear and moved on up the bridge to begin the descent into Coronado just in time to hear on the radio that a stalled car on the Coronado Bridge had caused a traffic jam all the way up the 5 freeway.
Grandbaby was enchanted again at each shop window, he had to go in and touch, they were just his size.
Luke 12:48b For everyone to whom much is given, from him much will be required; and to whom much has been committed, of him they will ask the more.
Now: Success, on Schedule
In the meantime, another Northern Irish writer is working his tats off. Wayne Simmons has landed two awesome reviews lately. Stop by his site to read reviews with Lawrence Block and Charles Ardai! Then buy his book, FEVER.
In that rich earth a richer dust concealed;
Lots of sewing coming up--including (finally) pics, research, discussion and general yappiness on the gestational stays, a cocktail dress to accomodate my ever-increasing bulk, and--perhaps--the start of the Regency gown I've been planning for over a year--wearing my new apron has inspired me to get back to it! Also--fingers crossed for a new Rather Old House as Relocation 2012 continues!
Middle child: Why are you up so early? (Because your father decided to sleep in and someone had to feed the damn dog).
WN: Uhhhh…
“What does it ask?”
Hi everyone, I have not posted in a few days, I have been working on things, but nothing is finished but have some thing coming up so come back see what it's all about.
And the time
16: 1:25-1:30 – Newton-Wellesley Hospital
Buy Folk Clothing – Organic Materials With Attention to Details
In a large pot, boil water. Once boiling, add dry pasta and cook to al dente.
Carl Jung
I thought about editing this article for grammar and punctuation, but I decided not to. This is what people are seeing when they find it on the internet, and so I present it to you in that way. It’s long, and it’s fascinating, and I think you will not be sorry if you are able to find the time to read it.
Me – Hi??
Except, perhaps, the legend of an ocean.
09 Annabelle 5:22
-1 Teaspoon honey
“On May 20, 2012, a rare solar eclipse alignment will happen between the Earth, the Sun and Alcyone in the Pleiades Constellation. According to myth, the hunter Orion was in love with the SEVEN SISTERS and pursued them until the gods took them to safety, transforming them first into doves, and then into stars. Maia, the eldest of the seven sisters, gave birth to Hermes (Thoth).” “The Pleiades are a well-known sight in the Northern Hemisphere in winter and in the Southern Hemisphere in summer, and have been known since ancient times to cultures all around the world. The Hopi considerthemselves direct descendants of the Pleiades“ The Maya also consider the Pleiades very important and base their calendars on this star system and the planet Venus. “Eclipses mean changes and new beginnings. The only way to claim your beauty, your wealth, your health, and your love is to see it in others. For the world mirrors your own reflection. If you do not feel worthy and prosperous, you see that in your own reflection. Do not focus on depreciation: instead focus on appreciation. Allow what you have ownership of to gain value through you. You receive value when you see the value of others. You gain your beauty when you see the beauty of others. You gain wealth when you rejoice in the good fortune of others. Their good fortune means that your good fortune is right around the corner. Every minute of every day you too shall be blessed if you quietly bless others.”
If you enjoy reading my posts, feel free to follow me on Twitter and Facebook, I would love to talk to you guys♥ Im on Twitter and Facebook all the time, so please feel free to leave me any questions or requests you might have and I will get back to you, I pinky promise :)
I remembered that cynicism wasn’t helpful; I really had forgotten that. I realised I could carry my cynicism like a useless backpack full of stuff that I would never use. Or I could set it down and unpack it, and discard the things that were damaging and put to work the things that were useful.
"I have just the thing," he said, laughin'.
“I enjoyed your sharing of rare disco tunes and the Auntie Mame flourishes of redecorating your apartment. And of course the handsome nearly naked mens that caught your eye.”
Evo minutes before she decided to nick
So we all know that Paddington Bear came from darkest Peru, but what did he eat before arriving in London? Peruvian cuisine incorporates a fascinating mix of influences, with immigrants from Spain, China, Italy, West Africa and Japan all leaving their mark on what have now become national dishes.
Level 8: STR: +24, Increases your attack speed.
Like a balloon once full and floating, now wrinkled, and sinking back down.
You better slow down,
This January 2012 has brought home organizing and financial goals/priority-setting to my attention.
It's currently fermenting at 20C, I'll check the gravity again on day 6 and 7 and see if it's finished. Until then, here's a shot of the sparge in action, and the wort going into the copper;
The possibilities are endless. The key is to stop listening to others MORE than you listen to yourself. Start listening to the beat of your heart. The heart knows what it wants; thoughts in our head talk us out of pursuing our true passion – whatever sets our soul on fire.
Copyright 2011. All rights reserved. Peace Mennonite Church of Columbia, MO
Do you espadrille it? xv
“We’ll look into it. I have something for you.” Seth reached into a pocket and pulled out a small item using a thumb and forefinger. A camera memory card. “You can have this back on one condition.”
As delicious as this popular pie is, it is known for its "rich" reputation. It's sweetness can be somewhat overpowering. A lot of the time I struggle just to finish a small piece. So, I decided to make baby banoffees! A crisp buttery base with a gooey caramel filling, sliced banana and fresh whipped cream... all in one bite! Perfect!
Or it's my party and I'll smile if I want to.
For a listing of the beers they serve see the link below:
“And once again I will answer the question: what is it needed for?
But then Mike was there with me every single step of the way, reassuring me. He reminded me that it was hot, other people in the race were struggling too, and this course was brutal. He told me to stop looking at my watch, forget about the time, and remember that simply finishing a marathon is a feat in itself, not matter how you get there. I really and sincerely thought about quitting, but something inside me just wouldn’t allow it. I did not come this far to give up. As we approached mile marker 21, Mike offered to stay with me for the rest of the race, but I told him no. I needed to finish this journey on my own. We stopped for a moment, he kissed me on the forehead and said, “No matter what happens, I love you and I am so proud of you. I’ll see you at the finish line.” And that was all I needed.
Four years ago, I was induced with Renae and had a horrible experience. My body just wasn't ready. Sammy's labor started spontaneously, and it was amazing. Not to mention his birth was much (much) shorter. Because of these 2 drastically different labors, with this pregnancy, I was avoiding an induction like the plaque. I was wiling to wait for labor to start on it's own, despite the fact that I was ready to be done being pregnant.
3. Parties: Going Without New Outfits
Charlotte started by telling us all about Fredrick Tutor, the first person to harvest ice for business, to build and control ice houses to store the blocks and take ice to Havana (as well as other warm weather places). He was a man of great vision and without him we'd probably be drinking warm gin and tonics as the Europeans still do! She discussed refrigeration and it's importance to the time period as well as how ice is actually harvested.
Since I went, my husband would, too. Once hubby’s friend heard my husband was going, he had to go also, or else my hubby would tell everyone at work he was a “pansy”. When her husband ended up going, the wife decided to go because she didn’t want to hike down alone.
Brewed: 05-27-2009
So with all these avenues available to pay for your journey, I believe our passengers get a lot of opportunities to do the right thing.
4. Add the mushrooms and cook for another 2 minutes.
In fact at university where I studied English I asked my tutor if I could do my dissertation on The Mersey poets.
Amanda Marcotte does a fine job of eviscerating a Katie Roiphe (no, I’m not linking) column in which the latter apparently is kinda miffed that women can’t–gee whiz!–get a sense of humor and enjoy the kooky, colorful jungle that is navigating sexual harassment. Because she does such a good job of ripping to shreds this spectacularly, like, omg-is-this-woman-even-capable-of-wiping-her-own-ass-level stupid column, I’m left with little to add but this:
Then says Earl Eric, “My spell is that thou shalt not live eighteen winters more.”
Well, their wedding has a summery, picnic feel, so we decided to tie the shower into the theme with some bright reds, oranges, yellows. Think watermelons and lemonade. Add in some mason jars, poppies, angel food cake, and strawberries, and there it is. Winner winner, chicken dinner!
We should be helping them move here. Paying of limited debts and providing free transportation and support, finding them employment or encouraging them to start their own businesses. We should follow the Israeli lead and bring their children, our kin, here for a free vacation that teaches them about their blood, their history and creates that bond that will last a life time.
Mr Coffee, soothing my pumpkin-induced irritation with a glass of wine at 8.30pm, admitted that he would have just enjoyed the lanterns and flung the leftover flesh in the compost bin. I'm beginning to think he's the genius of the household.
Haha…sure. When I was writing my first YA novel, I sent a few scenes to an old friend to alpha read for me. She called me and said, “Your character Derek reminds me a lot of XXX from high school.” And you know what? She was correct. I’d subconsciously written about that guy from high school who I always thought was
-I currently rank 3 in Reed’s list of favorite girls. I’m behind two little girls in his class. Not too bad.
10 Cabinet Secretaries Notebooks. The eleventh Notebook (CAB 195/11) (released August 2007) covers the period 3.12.52 - 26.2.54.
By the end of the day I was a very happy camper; relaxed and supremely content. It was a most excellent birthday, to be sure.
Brighton DPAC who will be phoning Atos on the mornings of Monday 12th and Monday 19th of December have produced a script/template which can be read out, or emailed/faxed to Atos. Visit their fb event page (below) for details.
"It's the holy grail of exoplanet research to find a planet around a star orbiting at the right distance so it's not too close where it would lose all its water and boil away, and not too far where it would all freeze," Steven Vogt, an astronomer at the University of California at Santa Cruz, told Space.com. "It's right smack in the habitable zone — there's no question or discussion about it. It's not on the edge, it's right in there."
It is true with my karate practice. Each time I walk in the dojo, teach a class or read an article, my goal is to improve.
I don't know what it is about that character (maybe that he's pretty old-fashioned and low-tech himself), but writing him goes quicker when I break out my trusty old fountain pen and a thick blank book.
Writing a daily blog?
Even if only a small but reasonably-sized minority of prostitutes are happy, well then surely I should have come across one of them somewhere among God-knows-how-many locations and over the span of seven years?
It was Marge who first tried to infect me with the HIV virus, and a few years later my best junk buddy John. How many others would also have tried to pass on their bad blood if they ever had the chance I dread to imagine, though not many ever had that chance. After wizening to this trick the first time I became something of a junkie recluse, only mixing with other addicts when I needed to, and only on very rare occasions fixing in the same room or toilet.
"Karuizawa Vintage 1999 11YO #867. 61.4 per cent alcohol.
Let's say that the option for "Other" isn't available - which it sometimes isn't. And I can only pick ONE -"White" or "Asian". What is the best selection for me, just based on appearance. Let's all put our stereotyping hats on for this exercise, ok?
The common prediction was that complacency is not an option. Jeffrey R. Hughes, GAMA International CEO, advised expecting constant and disruptive change. In short, learn to sail choppy seas. GAMA is an association for field leaders in the insurance and financial services.
- slowly add milk, stirring till smooth
This has to change. Women have been fighting this battle for far too long. But there is hope.
Peggy!
"I'll Be Your Mirror" Velvets
Accessories: Pool Party seam binding, linen thread, Stampin' Sponge, Neutrals designer button, rhinestone jewel, My Digital Studio
The Day Rapid Fat Loss Plan has and makes it completely unlike another extra fat burning nutrition anticipate the planet earth.Starving is not an option either.Hydrostatic or Underwater Weighing – very accurate and the best method if you happen to have a large budget and access to a handy hydrostatic weighing tank which sadly aren’t found on every street corner.This is a well-known technique to tone and strengthen the bottom, but it would also give your thighs a great workout.* Hip measurements are required for women only at the widest point.
Even though I have a new computer (which is why I've been playing so much Starcraft II and Football Manager 2011 instead of working on my own game), I still use my old laptop when I'm working on Sore Losers: Riot Grrrl (the game I'm developing). I do this because I use MS Paint to create the graphics for this game and the new MS Paint has an annoying habit of changing the colour depth of PNGs when you save them, which causes many a problem if you're using RPGMaker 2003.
I read in the Morning Advertiser that in some areas, groups of licensees are operating "unofficial" minimum pricing schemes, whereby they agree not to sell alcohol at below a certain cost. Let's be clear about this. It is illegal to do so. It is operating a price fixing cartel, which is an unlawful activity in this country.
- The crust of my bread developed a beautiful golden color, but the crumb was a bit denser than I would have liked - some big holes would have been lovely!
All the products Private Outlet offers are authentic and come directly from the most famous brand names with which Private Outlet has been working for over 30 years.
At the same time, I’ve been plotting a truly terrifying future project: a science fiction novel.
I did visit schools for sixth form. An only child, I'd decided I'd like to board if possible. Visited five liberal leftie boarding schools, was offered a scholarship to one. Remember the school visits, all over the country, as an interesting, exhilerating experience. Not threatening. But it's different as a parent. Or different now.
Todd: If Romney takes Tennessee this
The discovery that Sarah was a weaver who had a deep reverence for nature inspired the piece pictured above. From the tidbits of information that I found in the New York Times, she was working with grass on crash fiber. It was considered a new and interesting material choice for her. I decided, for my own piece, to focus on the word "grass" and to weave with a new material that I had not used before: copper wire. I am not certain what "crash" is, but from the definition that I found, it sounded similar to linen warp string.
"For the passports. The application forms."
And then I remembered…
The following Friday, at work, I was grabbing a tea bag out of a box when a little figure tumbled into view. This is one of those tea boxes that sometimes includes little porcelain figures. This particular tea box was given to me by a coworker maybe a year ago and I never noticed that a figure was enclosed. I picked it up. It was a little brown cat. Upon closer examination of the tea box, I saw that there were a total of ten possible figures that could be enclosed. Of those ten, two were cats–the other being a figure of two kittens. So that is a 20 percent chance of getting a cat, and a 10 percent change of getting the solitary cat. I don’t know what the odds are of my co-worker not finding the figure herself or me not finding it earlier. Make of it what you will, but I took that as a very good sign. Also, the mirror I ordered from Gargoyles came in on Tuesday, and I plan to present it to La Sirene this weekend, along with a pipe that I have for Legba. I will give the little cat to Puck. I also will be setting up a Ghede shrine soon, simply because I am fond of them.
Her two are Ross Montgomery's Alex and The Cusp and Alexia Casale's The Bone Dragon, both featuring somewhat damaged children.
3.Brush the fish with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over moderately high heat until lightly charred and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer the fish to a platter and pull off the skin.
a very impressive collection of beautiful home decor
MY CHRISTMAS GIFTS, AGE 5??
3:00 p.m. — Transferred. Original gravity 1.064 (15.6 °P). Rocking to aerate.
I have figured out that my eating is strongly related to stress. When I get stressed, I suddenly want to eat out more. Lots more. I’ve figured out that, in relation to last week’s session about expectations about myself (and what I feel I should be doing or need to be doing at any given moment) that I have a LOT of expectations about what I feel I should be eating. And when I do eat out, I really down on myself for doing so. I’ve had to learn to not spew this out, because it makes my SO feel like crap as well. He feels cock blocked because if he makes me eat in, and eat things I don’t want to eat, I’m a bear to him. And if he lets me eat out, I turn the whole event into some shit fest about how “we really need to get this under control”. It’s pretty much lose lose for both of us. And while I’m curbing how much of it he sees, I’m still thinking it to myself.
Good Luck and Have Fun!
Another enthralling concert is over!
Not really sure what kind of lizard I'm paying homage to... I kind of think it's more of a Winter vs. Summer kind of thing going on here, with some nice glowy gold and green inside.
The great pity is that the Scots reputation for being close with the bawbees has not entered Costa Rican culture, so the explanations were necessarily longer than in cultures where you could just say you were Scots and that would be an end to the matter.
Now my parents live next door, we have a duplex attached to each other.
Well, they are a bunch of twonks, aren’t they? Cameron, with his non-existent veto of something he couldn’t have had a veto over because there was nothing to veto. And in the fabulous house of commons he never used the word veto, did he? No, because by doing so would be a lie. And they don’t like that.
-playing cards in art history
:: If you raise one, it can be semi-tame.
Then you have the competition to see who can make the other cum the most. Kanye has a mirrored table in his hoose and it isn't to snort drugs off its so he can look at himself while watching himself on TV .
2 Tbl baking powder
4 Tb rice flour (you can use regular flour) and water until you reach a pipeable consistency.
But you’d never know it. Because in this kind of writing, the writer is for all intents and purposes, invisible. My name is well below the radar and I betray almost zero of my self, my sensibility, or my psyche in my work.
I just want to show you the effect of dabbing the nano blur onto my forehead lines with a brush which in this photo is applied ion top of my Liz Earle Skin tint.
Cars 2 was terrible so Pixar needs to wash that awful taste out with a brand new, original film. I am really excited for Brave. I love the art of the film and I am a huge fan of the fantasy genre. I am putting my trust in Pixar to make start up that streak of great films with this. I’m glad to see them head back into an original idea. There last original film was Up which was incredible. High hopes for this one.
They sell everything from ground beef (93% lean is available) to filet mignon, from beef jerky to summer sausage.
And the very last call of all
The next morning, the critical mass Cat vomited the remains of the Moth, the Slug, the Roach, the Cricket, the Mouse, the Bat, and the Firefly on my living room floor. So I patted her and gave her a can of Fancy Feast.
The Third World is different -- different peoples with different pasts and different cultures. Yet Westerners continue to mistake the psychology of the Third World and its peoples. Sierra Leone and Zimbabwe are perfect examples of those mistakes. Sierra Leone is in perpetual civil war, and Zimbabwe -- once thriving, stable Rhodesia -- is looting the very people (the white men) who feed the country. Yet Westerners do not admit that the same kind of savagery could come to America when enough immigrants of the right type assert themselves. The fact is, Americans are sitting ducks for Third World exploitation of the Western conscience of compassion.
There is something intrinsically appealing to me in a scene of water and land meeting, the reeds and lily pads and the stones and muck underneath. It is comforting for me to watch such a scene, but I would never step into it and wrap myself in the water’s lapping embrace because I am terrified of the bottom of lakes. The muck and stones and worms and leeches and turtles promised under water, the same things that seem to evoke serenity in me when I look upon them, disgust and terrify me when I enter into the picture. Instead, I simply find comfort in the view.
I'm not going to go into the myriad characteristics of each character. Instead, I want to ask this question:
Goal E: Finish under 2:00
This is the third and final part of my Italy trip, and this was probably my favorite part of the trip. This experience was a life-changing experience because the things I saw really made me fall in love with culture and archaeology, and made me pick anthropology as my major.
The purpose of the game it to help middle school students understand themselves better through objects around them through investigating object-based mysteries as well as engaging in open investigations where they record their own research findings. The game is designed to teach the skills it takes to be a history detective, namely the ability to see, act, and think like one. Students beef up their capacity to make observations and inferences, to find and evaluate historical evidence, and to draw conclusions based on that evidence.
It currently resides in the kitchen, where I think it will stay, depending on how it works when we get a bigger table (soon!) I need your help deciding what colour to paint it. (Leanne, Tara, any other experts?)
1/27 vs. Indiana, W 94-87 (W +4), Over
"I have been a long time follower of your blog. Which I love and enjoy all the helpful information, recipes, and resources. I have never paid for your service because I have been a coupon-er and used other online services. With the raising prices of groceries and the restrictions placed on my favorite coupons; I am finding more and more that I need a new system.
In many children with amblyopia, only one eye has a focusing problem or weak muscles. In order to force the affected eye to work, the doctor will cover the strong eye with a patch for most of the day for at least several weeks. Sometimes, this treatment requires as long as a year.
Send your entries on a Word document (double-spaced and 12 point text) to:
over and over.
So, let us pray for others, free from doubt & fear, and most importantly, dare to be bold!
This train carries losers and winners
“No, thanks. I’m waiting for my miracle.”
It gets up to 395 degrees and that is plenty hot for my hair, although for really thick hair you might need one that gets up to 415 degrees (like the CHI's and other more expensive brands.)
When he saw how intrigued I was by her handiwork,
God’s plan is the same for all: repent and take the gospel to the lost. Not by taking up offerings to buy yourself things you don’t need. But heal the sick and deliver those in bondage.
There is a good selection of pins and brooches, necklaces, earrings, and bracelets (including a couple charm bracelets). Here is the first bit I got photographed - just the tip of the iceberg (click to enlarge):
Weight: 24.4 lbs (55th percentile)
They all attack each other, and JB with Garrett runs Bischoff right into the crapper and well, Bischoff comes out all brown. Not a very good segment, ending the show.
It began with protests against President Obama’s “stimulus”, signed into law on February 17, 2009. The next day, CNBC’s Rick Santelli angrily called for tea party to protest what we now know was little more than a political slush fund and an a historic failure that did not reduce unemployment or jump-start the economy. It simply added to the trillions in debt Obama would heap upon this and future generations.
Moonlight doesn’t exist. The light emitting from the moon is actually light that is reflected from the sun.
Justice will not have been done at Duke until the players and their parents are restored financially, both Mike Nifong and the complainant are criminally charged and convicted, and the professors who signed the nasty statement concerning the players and the team are censured and required to apologize. When all this is done and as publicized as all the accusations and indictments were, then, and only then, will justice have been done.
Hurray for the women who suffered and toiled and even lost for the sake of the querelle des femmes and in the face of accusations with as heavy a price as death by fire.
(Book 14, 2012)
4)Collaboration with Bhanu Kapil at chimp sanctuary (video, maybe text)
After taking a break from recording and touring, Jimi checks himself into an Ithaca hospital after fainting at his New York ranch. He is diagnosed with liver disease and is treated for anemia and fatigue. He spends over a year recovering from the attack.
Favorite Quote: It's so stupid, but you can't buy fireworks in Oregon, or even have them in your possession. At least, nothing that's any good. Nothing that goes more than six feet along the ground or twelve inches into the air. Which pretty much leaves those black tablets that grow into ash snakes after you light them. Oh, and sparklers. Lame-O.
Investigators say in court documents that computers seized from the 60-year-old Edwards' home contained pornographic images of at least eight girls. They say one video showed three girls being given drinks and ice cream before they are shown apparently unconscious.
In response Miss Allen said she would “never ever hurt” any of her animals and added she honestly thought the foul smell coming from dog was being caused by an earlier ear infection it had suffered, for which she had taken the dog to the vets a month previously.
Return the dirt and grime to its rightful place in the ground
But what does that mean, you ask? Well, for those raving Teatro ZinZanni fans who cannot afford tickets as often as they would like, now is your chance to nab night of show general admission tickets for the insanely low price of $59 per person(plus tax of $2.75)!!! Same great show, same delicious feast, but at a lower price. Rush tickets will get you in the door, but do not include any additional menu enhancements, delicious wine, ingenious specialty cocktails, the $10 per person dinning room service charge, or fabulous boutique items.
John 15:1-17 (Read from NIV) I am the true vine… Love each other.
Could lead to his Impeachment
The Sumo jokingly refers to himself as a coconut in his profile. I think his definition is far from Memela’s, and is more a spoof on being “black” in so-called, previously “white” schools and probably also refers to his body shape, which he loves referring to in a hilarious manner.
One of mine is incense. Incense is made of spices and gum and burned to ward off evil spirits and to create a warm, safe feeling. Incensed means very angry, like being set alight.
DARK & STORMY
The other stories I have gathered from parents and students include:
After doing my research, I acquired a few highly recommended lenses. I love them all and can't pick a favorite...but if I had to, I'd pick my 50 mm and 60 mm. Both are great for close-ups, or macro photography.
300g all purpose flour
I called my daughter to see what was going on. She basically said, that the boyfriend was going along with Mom. Mom also has the 9 week old baby at her trailer and won't let my daughter see her own baby.
After reading them fully myself, I’ll be ready for a response in a future article. From what I know of this, the Occupy Movement is not the only portion of things. I think the author may be missing the point, but again, this is right now conjecture on my part. My response will entail more evidence.
Music: MP3 MPEG-1/2 Audio Layer 3, MPEG-4 AAC, WAVE (Linear PCM)
Wild fantasies
So. I've tackled religion, something I've never really written about before on this blog. Hopefully I've done so respectfully! And I'd be interested to hear your perspective. Do you feel religion had any impact on your educational choices (either to have more or less religion in your environment)? What's been your experience with the school-free community and religion?
When your laptop crashes, somewhere in America a programmer dies.
Choosing any color new scheme is a personal choice and I suggested in an earlier post that one great way to start deciding on a color scheme for your home is to look in your closet. If you tend to look healthy and vibrant in bright and bold colors and fade away and look awash in pale pastels then you should try and incorporate some of your best bold and bright colors from your wardrobe into your interior color scheme. I don't mean to say you need to paint your walls that ruby red color of your favorite evening dress, although it could look awesome, but if you're more conservative and want to retain more versatility keep the walls a nice neutral and just accent with bold and bright colors. You look great in certain colors because certain colors make you appear healthier, enhance your skin tone and even make you feel better. You want to feel this way in your home too so if you look sickly in purple but want to indulge in this trendy color then use it sparingly rather than covering entire walls with it.
They’re super cute though, after each class I’ve been inviting the students to talk to me outside of class by saying I’m pretty friendless and lonely in Korea. A few students are quite fluent and I got cornered after the last class and assaulted with questions and reassurances that I do have friends – the students. It was really adorable.
CVCBQ Blog (cvcbqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
4. Private companies would not be required to remove identifying information from data they share with the government. Private information could be shared not only with civilian but with military authorities. Given the deference that courts generally show to invocations of national security interests by entities associated with the military, this makes the risks of privacy invasions even more severe. Any information shared under a new legislative framework should go to a civilian rather than a military agency.
Those who died under Bo Xilai’s reign were practitioners of the Falun Gong spiritual practice—a traditional spiritual practice based in the tenets of truth, compassion and tolerance. Bo and several others have been sued in overseas lawsuits for taking part in persecuting the group. The persecution was launched by former Chinese regime leader Jiang Zemin in 1999.
Heat 1 Tbs olive oil in a large dutch oven over medium high heat. Sear each side of the roast until nicely browned; about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a plate or platter and set aside.
I snore.
My husband and I were determined then to not let naps or diaper bags cramp our style and are determined now to not let sports schedules or job schedules cramp our style. We had to figure out a reasonable way to consistently take a vacation with our family. And we did. Renting a beach house for a week at the Jersey Shore. Might seem like a downturn in vacation plans, but on closer consideration, not so much. We now total 11 (since my daughter got married), and take 7 days together and bask in the sun, ride bikes on the boardwalk, take a short trip to watch the Philies win, and sit around the dinner table for endless periods of time. And laugh and drink and say remember when. And smile a lot. And eat too much. And wish we all had another week. And happily do the same thing again next year. And the next year. Because it is just always fun! This year 4 of my husbands siblings will join us so it will be an even bigger beach party. My kids can't wait! The adults can't wait. This works for us.
3/4 cup (150 grams) white granulated sugar, the finer-grained the better (but plain ol' sugar is okay too)
Secondly, Asian women get higher education and become more independent. Though many Asian countries are still developing, the living situation and the civilization are increasing. Most of the women in Thailand and Vietnam are undergraduates, and some are even masters. These well- educated women have a strong sense of independence. They play an important role in the companies as well as men, act good at socialization and live a pretty cozy life by her own income. They seem to have everything. But they are women, they need love and respect, which quite a few men of the their country don’t know how to show, that’s another reason for why Asian women tend to marry foreigners.
Just remember, the likes of Rhonda Rousy, Aaron Riley, John Fitch and a host of other fighters started in the amateur ranks. If talent like that got their start in amateur competition, shouldn’t we show some respect to the organizations that helped build them?
But there is another side to their nostalgic backward glances, though they have managed to find some half-plausible cover for their designs — which are as ancient as early recorded history and as new as today’s front page. And that nostalgia is concerned with the eradication of the Jews. The Joos. The Zionist Entity. The swine and apes. The sub-human ones. Don’t kid yourself: rabid anti-Semitism is alive and well in the higher reaches of American society. It has always been there, but only lately has it learned to cloak itself as something else.
Within the next 5 years, what direction do you see the Evil Goods going into?
Not all neighbors would make that offer,
Millions of whites seem determined to prove him right. Indeed, the brainwashing is complete.
At present we plan to have a professional choir every other month, which non-professionals have the opportunity to join pending an audition. We would like to train a non-professional choir to sing the chant at alternate monthly Masses. This is a great opportunity to learn how to sing the most beautiful thing this side of heaven. All you have to give is your time.
Ramsey’s attention refocused on Camille’s face. A grin widened on his face. “I could say the same. I’m particular about the women I take from and you’re not my type, claret or sex.” He swept an arm around her waist. “I can find any woman on the streets more than eager to quench my thirst, any night of the week and any time I desire. I don’t need you.”
I have no idea what result Sunday's poll will bring - most probably the need for a second round of voting to get a clear result - but I do know that we're all suffering from a chronic form of pre-election fatigue, otherwise known as:
Yet, I doubt that any of Chipotle's restaurants are taking down their "naturally raised" signs when they revert to using 5, 20, or 100% conventionally raised meats. Unfortunately, this term is all advertisingmuch like the factory-farmed eggs with a photo of a free-range paradise on the label. There is no "natural" or "humane" certification. So while Chipotle's Food With Integrity program asks for antibiotic and hormone-free, vegetarian fed, humanely handled meats, it's up to them to decide whether and how often to supply it to the consumer.
And just a few doors down Fossgate from Spring Espresso is the best cup of tea I had had in quite some time. Now, I do like my tea strong, and the house blend from the Hairy Fig really gave me the afternoon kick I needed. Along with some freshly-baked lemon and coconut cake, this was the afternoon tea I’d been looking for.
“How exactly did they threaten you?”
Jesuit puppet Bill Clinton (Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University).
Till Tomorrow!
This is the only ultrasound I will be having, Lord willing. As much as the curious, technology loving part of me would love to go for an elective 3D/4D sono (Have you seen those things? They are creepy/cool.), the conservative, natural side of me won't allow it. Much as I'd love to see her pretty face again I don't care to subject her to another ultrasound.
Rumours have appeared about a console, made by Valve. Nothings clear yet and all is just speculation, but some things are said to be true. For example, the specs of the console have been "revealed", having a Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and an NVIDIA GPU. This seems to be true, because an employee of Valve posted a tweet on the 2nd November last year, with a picture.
Boots: Remake Victorian boots,
The support contrasts with the stance of major Internet companies against SOPA and PIPA, which sought to allow the government to prevent access to sites hosting illegally published intellectual property.­
First of all, this allergy season has been bad. Friday I caught myself wheezing in ways/tones I have never heard. Had to go to 3 different shops to finally find eye drops because the other stores were all sold out. But it wasnt bad - it was the one day in recent memory that was not windy, so that helped a lot.
I cannot wait to go back to the CINEMA XXI again. If my friends or family members come visit us here, I think I will take them to this theater. Don’t you think it would be such a fun experience to have in Jakarta?
Length: Full length (227 pages)
So what did we do all day? We drove the two-seater motor boat/double bed. Just drove it into happy land. Bartlett was a good passenger.
But no one was thinking any further ahead. No one had bothered to work out that if it was hard enough to collect taxes from a UK-based multinational, it might be even harder to do so from one based in Munich, Lucerne or Washington DC.
Vigil final for you brave boy, (I could not save you, swift was your
Whitby – as mentioned, torrential rain and gale force winds – we managed one decent day,where we went for a walk on the beach – the rest of it was spent running to and from the pub/takeaway/shops.
....or should I say Operation Right Hand! Today (Monday) I am heading into hospital for an operation on my right hand (my dominant one) which involves removing some bone and tying together my thumb and my index finger. It's a bit complicated for me as I don't actually have a lot of index finger on that hand, due to a childhood accident, but I have managed for nearly 60 years to continue to use my dominant hand. Indeed I taught students to type and later to use a computer keyboard and was able to use my lack of a finger as all the more reason why they should be able to achieve good typing skills - if I could, they could!
Before the 1830s, trains had not yet spread widely across the English country side and many factories still relied on canals for the transport of raw materials and goods to market. The postal system and its need to carry mail and people along particular routes required reform and refurbishment of the infrastructure during the late Regency period. Thomas Telford and John McAdam (of the Tar-McAdam or tarmac fame despite his not using tar in his construction, but possibly because of family business in the 18th century involving tar and shipbuilding) led to widespread renovations and improvements (in terms of the roads taking people where they wanted to go) on the Roman roads, including the Great North Road, the corridor between London and Edinburgh that is now called the A1.
In another he says: “Can you name ONE country where multiculturalism is successful where Islam is involved?”
Those people with the big house and new cars and all the new toys?
4. Palazzo pants or culottes with tights. Just saying those two words make me nauseous. Let’s stop this fashion trend shall we. Please? thanks. If you want to wear pants, then wear pants. If you want to wear tights wear tailored shorts or a skirt. Let’s burn all remaining palazzo pants and culottes. Preach it.
This is the first transformation which Amu experiences. Ran brings out Amu's sporty side. It provides her with great atheletic skills to outsmart enemies. In partial changes Ran gives Amu wings on her shoes to help her fly in the air - with an acommpanied 'Hop, Step, Jump'. It's in Amulet Heart mode that Amu can neutralise X-eggs, turning them back into chara eggs so their owner can pursue their dreams. The video sequence for that is very wow! Only recently in the episodes I've been watching has Amu received a staff to help with her attacks. Just as when she first transformed, initally she doesn't have a clue what to do. I suspect she'll learn more tricks with it soon.
• Finally, someone is taking studios to task for releasing misleading trailers, said Jen Chaney at The Washington Post. “For everyone who ever went to see ‘Knight & Day’ expecting a medieval romance, was disappointed to find out that ‘Rio’ wasn’t a Duran Duran biopic, or thought that ‘Abduction’ wouldn’t stink … this is your Erin Brockovich moment.”
The words of Carl Jenkinson underline the impact of one result, the ensuing wobble understandable. With the injury list at any one point in time containing a number of key experienced personnel, to have returned to form twice in one season is of great credit. Finding that consistency over the full campaign is the next step, a stride that has proven too great for some previous groups of Arsenal players in the last decade.
I again went through the whole story about Leo, the photograph, the grave site, etc.
Here's my latest collection of rare Helen videos. As far as I know, none are available on DVD and many aren't even available on VCD.
An erasable moment came this past Tuesday in the wee morning hours – 5 a.m., to be exact. I’m not sure if Anna is going through some toddler growth spurt, but my ridiculously picky child has turned into the human garbage disposal. Now instead of forcing her on the ground and putting food in her mouth (not that I’ve done this…or have I), she’s always asking for something to eat. I like this. Except when it’s 5 a.m.
Elysian Brewing Company Avatar Jasmine IPA
Whenever you hear a racialist Democrat yapping about “the Southern strategy” your hair should stand on end. Republicans like Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, who spent their entire political careers fighting Democrats to end racial discrimination were spitefully accused of having a “Southern Strategy” because Democrats were witnessing their political domination in the South, end. The reason the South flipped to Republican was not because Republicans with proud civil rights records were reaching out to racists. It was a reaction to how the Democrat endorsed 60′s hippy, drippy, (occupyish) “worst generation” was polluting everything it touched.
Big brother Dalu looks at her as if he is thinking, "What is this- some new kind of chihuahua?". He gave her a good sniff and then more or less proceeded to ignore her. He does look very concerned when she starts bawling in the middle of the night.
On March 22, the Quebec government's Dying with Dignity Commission released its recommendations concerning euthanasia and palliative care. The media reported that the commission recommended the legalization of assisted suicide in exceptional cases.
Michael Gonzalez, D.Sc., Ph.D. (Puerto Rico)
i was so happy with yesterday's eighty-something-degree weather, let me tell you. every single window in this house was open from morning 'til bedtime.
Soy sauce (optional)
You know how you go to one website looking for something and, somehow, three hours later you find yourself reading a site with no idea how you got there? Well, somehow I happened upon the Jokes4Miles site.
While the quiche was in the oven I prepared a lovely carrot salad, adapted from a recipe by (my favorite) Mark Bittman. This is also a dish that can be made ahead. If you do make it ahead though be sure you stir it every so often because the vinaigrette will settle to the bottom.
HAVE A SUPER MOTHER'S DAY MY FRIENDS!!!!
So I covered the frame and the centre square in co-ordinating paper and stamped off the cake for the centre panel, adding some pearls to some of the flowers and a dot of a Copic Marker to the centre of others. The sentiment is hung between the outer frames and in place of the stitching element I wrapped twine around both ends and edged with a scallop border punch to tie in with the reverse scallop of the frame.
Real life moment #1:
suspect but clamped
So K, here you go....
Fast-forward to the recent weeks. My rewrite is about 66% complete. There was a lot of talk about science fiction, and where it was headed or why it was awesome. Some of it here, with David's guest post, and more on the Bransforums, where Watcher sprang a thread to discuss the guestpost further. Combined with the increasing amount of sciency topics on this blog, I started to rethink how I saw myself as a writer.
Asked if she regretted what happened last Friday, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte explained she got incensed when violence erupted at the demolition. Ohhh, so she hated violence. What do you call then those three solid punches? Diplomacy?
Furthermore, the results of this relentless mindset are indisputable. Presently, Stylez is nominated for five Aboriginal People’s Choice Music Awards (having won in 2009 for Best Music Video with the track “Sugar Cane”), while he is also on the list of potential winners for Best Male Artist at the Canadian Aboriginal Music Awards held in Hamilton this November. The list of accomplishments and accolades is endless yet entirely deserved.
For one month, the family of Naser Al Raas did not know of his whereabouts or even if he was alive. They knew that his last movements were in the airport because he talked to a friend by phone just before his scheduled departure. However, for the next four weeks, the Bahraini government denied all knowledge of the Canadian man.
Someday the opportunity to take a leap will present itself. Which brings me to one more favorite saying, an old Native American proverb:
Katrina
Camair-Co (Cameroon Airlines Corporation) has reported a net loss of $42 million in the first nine months since its launch. The loss was attributed to stiff competition according to Coastweek.
So as you can see by the pics, the fake bake flawless, leave my skin a natural tan color. No orange at all. I have bought this product again and again. I love it. I forgot to take pics of my legs though LOL! whoops. But its the same color as the rest of my body.
“He told them, ‘There will NEVER be a time when enough is enough. I want to live no matter what.”
Several frozen raspberries
I’m thrilled Southern Living is changing – it’s all for the better. If you have been a fan of the magazine before, you will love it even more now. If you’ve never read it before – give it a try!
Me: Um, sure, maybe a little silly like a clown.
Swiss Dots Cuttlebug folder
9) SD Texas - 1.99
Google’s senior competition lawyer Julia Holtz said the internet Goliath was “confident” it did not break European competition law, BBC reported.
Seriously, it was worth it. (For the full recipe, buy his book, “Mexican Kitchen,” as the man deserves every cent of his royalties.) The pasilla chiles had a bitter flavor that tasted almost like ash when I first ground it up into a paste. It had me considering a last-minute pizza delivery order. But it magically took on an amazingly smoky, rich flavor as it cooked and absorbed the flavors of the meat and the broth. Even before I added the honey, it tasted insane—I had been crazy to consider pizza. When I added the honey, my head exploded. It was like Emily Dickinson’s definition of poetry, except it was pork.
Bolívar returned to Venezuela in 1811.
Mistie Jordan I have a small circle of friends/artists whose blogs I visit regularly. We upload pictures and comment on each others work and progress, and since I live in a very small town with little in the way of an art outlet, this is really helpful to me. In particular, I love Jessie Marianiello’s blog and website. She is a total inspiration and shares so much of her life and work. She is a beautiful person. http://straydogarts.com
The missionaries’ qualities reflected the source of their recruitment (Christian institutions). Although the overt theme may have been to convert to Christianity underlying this, and reflected by the establishment of thousands of schools, the aim was far broader. It was spoken aloud that the missionaries wanted to “civilise savages”. Read another way, they planned to replicate their own society.
License and Insurance:
Jesse: "Catnip because I'm irresistable :)"
Maybe I’m just getting old?
Like Dubai, Sharjah is one of the seven Emirates of the UAE. Dubai and Sharjah cities virtually merge together yet have different laws and acceptable norms. Sharjah has more extremes than Dubai, yet also has a nice feel to the city.
Even the African-Americans and Jews who are themselves part of loud political groups advocating for some modern notion of “justice,” I would surmise, privately wince at specious conscriptions of their narratives. Thus, for example, have many African-Americans (and others) chafed at the blithe comparison of the modern gay rights movement to the 1960s civil rights movement. Gays “may want to cast their fight in civil-rights terms, and a lot of people are buying it. But not the faith community and especially not the black community,” says Bishop Harry Jackson, whose Hope Christian Church has a flock of 3,000 in the Washington, D.C. area.
“There is a new treatment. It’s very experimental—from Canada. We don’t know if it will work. But it’s your only chance. It would mean being in Bart’s over Christmas though….”
This is where I belong.
Hell will freeze over before I let go.”
So what's your favorite fruit and vegetable?
Through it all, he maintained a quiet dignity and grace that was inspirational to me, and through it all his wife kept her faith, her sense of humor and her compassion -- and never once became bitter despite this terrible curveball that life threw at their family.
In Barbara Harris’ intriguing article “Marriage: 16th Century Style” and George Frederick Nott’s “Works of Henry Howard, earl of Surrey, and of Sir Thomas Wyatt the elder”in two volumes, we see firsthand letters the Duchess composed making attempts at seeking help in vain from the Lord Privy Seal Thomas Cromwell, and even appeals to King Henry VIII himself. Ahead of her time, Duchess Elizabeth spoke out when no one else would and though it is unfortunate she was not heard, it speaks of a courage seldom seen in documented early modern history on the part of these amazing women. Sadly, we also see the reaction of her husband the Duke, not unlike reactions of many modern abusers–denial and threats should the abuse be exposed coupled with accusations of her “slander”.
This should be done under medical supervision only. Some evidence shows that niacin may prevent juvenile diabetes (type 1, insulin dependent) in at-risk children. It may maintain pancreatic excretion of some insulin for a longer time than would occur normally.
23.取り消し自由
We don’t yet know the details of the application yesterday, but NAMA has been sued in the past by an insolency practitioner and building company over unpaid bills.
Now, readers here know I looooove the moon. Love, love, love it and often photograph it. And then bore the hell out of you with pictures. I hear you in my head groaning, "For God's sake, we get it, you like the moon. It's the same damn moon every month. Why for the love of all that is holy do you keep taking the same pictures?" Because I'm obligated to, of course. If I don't snap the moon, I go crazy lying in bed, picturing the moon in all its glory going unphotographed. I have to! Damn it, don't you understand? It's the MOON!
Hi Everybody or Anybody who happens upon this today. Its been a year - a long ass muthafuckin year!
So what we are stuck with right now is the status quo. But the current state of affairs cannot last much longer. Germany is getting sick and tired of giving out bailouts and nations such as Greece are getting sick and tired of the austerity measures that are being forced upon them.
"You want to put some hair on your chest?"
While planning to undertake a major transition to digital in 2012, Bush Radio, AKA “The Mother of Community Radio”, recently found themselves in a position where an interim studio upgrade was urgently required in order to maintain quality broadcasts.
After hours of searching, Olivier said he saw his wife in a traumatised condition walking from the Boston Business College at “exactly 7.20 pm”. He immediately took her to the police station where she was medically examined. Semen was found on her body and dress. She also had visible injuries to her private parts. When Beeld saw her she had an enormous bump on her forehead.
I'm 30 again today. Been 30 so long my 15 year old now makes my lie look like I had him at 15. Yeah, don't care. I'll pretend I had him as a teen even if I so wasn't a teen. It's my lie.
icono plastics – plasticity of time
For those who may not know, GOREZONE was the sister publication to FANGORIA, launched in 1988 by Fango publisher Norman Jacobs as a means to block any upstarts who might be looking to cut into FANGORIA's dollars. GOREZONE was essential meant to cut Fango's competition off at the curb and was effective at doing so, with Fango wannbes like Slaughterhouse never establishing an audience. But although GOREZONE was hatched with mercenary intentions, Fango head honcho Tony Timpone made sure the magazine was something special in its own right.
2 packages Portuguese Sausage (Linguisa and Kielbasa ok too)
The boy grew up in a rarefied environment—closeted in guarded compounds, ferried around in chauffeur-driven cars, schooled partly by tutors and partly at the prestigious Jingshan school in Beijing, according to friends.
Use five words to describe your loved one that is addicted, using, in recovery, living life on there terms, any anything else or these can be the words for yourself. You can identify the person or not, maybe just son, daughter spouse or just put down five words.
When CDs first appeared in the early eighties they were clearly the next technological leap in music distribution. Supposably indestructible (well the early thick ones were tough), but offering quicker access, such as the ability to skip tracks, and jump end to end. There were positive and negative points depending on your perspective. Positives were the access,and the quality, no more crackle and static clicks. The size, they would take up less storage space. Negatives, were they were smaller so the packaging was more formal and less art work. This was compared to vinyl obviously, arguably this was also a problem with the cassette. On the audio front, some of the CD versions were often a bit bright or shrill, too much top end. There was debate on which, vinyl or cd, offered the better sound. It was argued that vinyl was warmer. As it panned out, this might have been the case in early cd pressings, but as record companies cottoned on to how to do better digital masters, and the quality of CD players for the home improved on a cost to technology basis, CDs became the better quality format.
always there!
When I woke up in the morning today (the usual time as my body did’nt know it was on break) I felt fresh,alive and excited; something that was not happening for a very long time.I called up my boss and told him I am taking a day off because I am sick.( Sick of him and the work I didn’t add) and suddenly I was free.Free for a day.Excitement.Loads of it.There were so many things I wanted to do. I didn’t know where to start.I got up to get pen and paper to make a list of things I wanted to do but then stopped midway as realised I don’t want to be all organised and disciplined (at least today) .I want to be impulsive and fun.
1910 Security were requested to provide two batteries for the door bell to Hugh Stewart House by the Hall Porter of Hugh Stewart Hall Security attended.
Before this happened, I'd been spending a lot of time praying that God would somehow turn around our financial situation and show me a way I could help out with bills. Now I spend a lot of time praying, saying, "Umm are you sure about this God? Do you really want me to do all this? Maybe you could just let me win the Lotto instead?" In all honesty, I think things happen for a reason and although it's really hard to fathom why at times, I'm just trusting that things will work out somehow.
doesn’t know where to go
To our surprise, though, no Obama volunteers were there either. A staffer who was checking out around 4:30 — our announced arrival time — claimed that an Internet service outage had caused the office to cancel its scheduled phonebank. Indeed, the third floor appeared to be dark.
*He LOVES to brush his hair. I started singing "Brusha Brusha Brusha" (you know, from Grease) to him and now HE SAYS it back! It might be the funniest thing he does yet! He did it for my mom and sister last night and they were rolling!!!
My personal struggle to decide if how when why and where I might believe there is a God (or are many gods) or whatever one might want to come to believe is, according to one friend and mentor, the most important aspect of my mental/spiritual/emotional – whatever part of me – life and has been since I first doubted that my “giving my life to Christ” in junior high school was possible (was there a Christ to give my life to?) or desirable (if it is my life, why should I give it) or knowable (if there is a Christ who is part of divinity, how can I possibly know what my human mortal relationship to him is). If I were of the same intellectual prowess of, say, St. Augustine of Hippo (see my previous post) and knew all about Plato and Socrates, and the earliest Church Fathers, I might have the ability at least to formulate these questions in a way that would shed both light and heat on the dilemma of my deciding not to eat beef simply as the path of least resistance instead of making life decisions based on information, reason, or at least intuition.
This is an on-call position, and hours can range from 6 – 20 per week during the school term.
The Ideal- Only need one
I stumbled into my first head injury when I was three years old; escalators and I have never been friends since. It probably wasn’t the smartest idea after that for me to take gymnastics class, but that was where I fell into my second head injury. I was ten.
Robin Carpenter, Essex County Council’s heritage expert, said the current building was inspired by Essex architect George Sherrin and demolishing it would be a “huge loss” to the Fryerning Conservation Area.
Awesome clip from James Patrick, Met police officer. What a positive vibe to counter all the anti-police nonsense we hear day after day. This will cheer you up and motivate you to carry on.
Within minutes of the CodeRED alert being issued, a family member of the child had received one of the emergency alert calls and contacted police, who then reunited the parents with their child.
Lawyer Zola Majavu said the accused was having experiences he had never had before.
These should not have happened if there are efficient and proper internal audit systems.
Does ‘job search depression’ really exist?
It is simple physics really. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Oh Newton, how right you were!
There are some things you should know about me. First, know that I do not always behave in a “socially acceptable” way. This is because, to me, the socially acceptable way is just flat damn stupid, and designed to protect people from the truth.
I hope you don't mind, but again I'm talking about my paternal grandmother. As I said in my last post, she was quite the baker. My favorite recipe was her chocolate chip cookies but there were others I was quite fond of as well. Her recipe makes 12 dozen and while all of the ingredients can be cut in half making a half batch they don't taste the same.
Also, "The Garden" is a term with which I'm unfamiliar.
We receive your forgiveness.
“Wallpaper” is the term used in Microsoft Windows before Windows Vista (where it is called the Desktop “Background”), while Mac OS Xcalls it a “desktop picture” (previously, the term desktop pattern was used to refer to a small pattern that was repeated to fill the screen).
so that we may be made more perfect in love.
After three home invasions and two shootings while shopping at their local mall, the family came to the end of their tether:
Illustrations of the station
As New York’s own department of planning states ‘Tower-in-the-park zoning encourages the construction of tall buildings set back from the street, by allowing greater height and more floor area in return for the provision of open space. The resulting buildings have been subject to widespread criticism as anti-urban and disruptive of the dominant form and scale of most of the city’s neighborhoods that were built largely under the original 1916 Zoning Resolution.’[3] In the words of City Planning Chairman Joseph B.Rose, it “promotes an architectural vision that does violence to our urban fabric.”[4]
1/2 tsp cloves
suspend in hesitations
Van Raighan’s footsteps were like a feather falling on linen, only audible because there was nothing else to hear. This time, Rel managed to keep count, edging ever-so-slowly around the pillar, keeping it between him and the thief. The other guardsmen did likewise. Then there was a series of grunts and muffled curses, and it was time to move.
Or else run a half marathon interval style, which I imagine might not work so well in a long run.
Law of Attraction and Mindful Parenting
Icing sugar- 1/4 cup
I plan to take a Biblical look at money, wealth, possessions every Monday here at 58 degrees to see what God has to say about it all. Won't you join me?
Krause said Roux's credit card was used at a McDonald's restaurant on Friday morning at 02:31 - between 30 minutes and an hour after Mohale was assaulted.
The next match on MNR was Beth Phoenix vs. Nikki Bella. Since I didn’t actually watch this match, I can’t comment on it, but apparently Nikki Bella is the new Divas Champion, if anyone cares.
Julian Robertson, who managed his Tiger hedge fund from $23 billion down to $6 billion in 2000, has refused court ordered discovery for a mental exam regarding his frivolous lawsuit against Al Martin Raw.com, Conspiracy Planet.com et al.
Finally, Björk struck out for solo stardom. She had already made forays outside The Sugarcubes, hooking up with 808 State for two songs, 'Ooops' and 'Qmart', on 1991's Ex:El. "Just out of hunger for good stuff, I'd started going to clubs when I was in the UK, 'cos the rock gigs were just crap," she recalls. "Very quickly I fell for 808 State, 'cos they were more rhythmically complex." Another UK techno outfit she liked was bleep'n'bass pioneers LFO, whose Mark Bell would later collaborate with her on Homogenic.
As I write this, Boscoe is in the kitchen, sprawled across his orthopedic dog bed, which is topped with a fleece mat and surrounded by five pillows. The pillows make it sound luxurious, but they serve a purpose; they are tucked between the bed and the wall and keep him from slipping off the side and into the crack. If he does slip, he is stuck until one of us rescues him.
Pretty much every business regulated by the city gave money — bars, restaurants, developers. Some of the big boys, like Concord Pacific, swung both ways. They gave $35,000 to Vision Vancouver and around $12,000 to the NPA. Bob Rennie gifted $35,000 in advertising to the NPA. Meanwhile, Rennie Marketing Systems handed $1,000 to Vision.
What the hell was/is all the fuss about? Half the Internet was blacked out or down or whatever – apparently only yesterday.
02 Ikenga in Africa
Re-reading any book from a distance of 30 years is interesting, particularly since I am now an author myself and my Muse has developed a sharp critical horn. So it is a testament to Anne McCaffrey’s warm characters and imaginative storylines that sentences such as: “Resentment replaced the sense of loss as Jaxom found himself, loyal to Robinton’s precepts, trying to rationalize this wave of unpalatable reflection” melt seamlessly into the story, and I can honestly say I didn’t notice it when I devoured this book as a teenager!
“Die Geburt gefolgt der Tod” – it may sound in one spoken tongue, the birth and re-birth is a feminine act, as death do us part an established predicament. The energy compounds and dwindles and flows and re-catches and gathers to joy before exploding its slim passage to solemn waters in caved glowing flesh.
He refuels us and refills us.
Growing up, my mom was always pushing me to read books (which I'm so thankful for now!). Her favorite thing to do is read, which has definitely rubbed off on me (the best of times happens when my thumbs are flippin' pages and my imagination's turnin' flips). She'll start a book and won't be able to put it down Prologue to About the Author (depending on her busy schedule). You're sure to find her engulfed in the latest Michael Connelly, Mary Higgins Clark, or, her childhood hero, Nancy Drew (it's no wonder she grew up to be the crime scene investigating forensic mad woman that she is what with all the mysteries she helped Nancy solve). And, most of this reading took place in a cozy nook of the house. Whether it be in a warm corner of my parents' screened in porch, or next to the cozy fireplace in a big over sized chair. Well, like mother like daughter I suppose, because I, too, want a designated cozy comfy reading space for all those hours I'll spend with Pat Conroy, Michael Connelly (yes, just like mom), and a host of others.
Because Anna is so passionate about creating awareness of the positive impact women are currently having on our world, I am excited to announce that she will be here on a monthly basis. I am grateful for Anna’s willingness to take time out of her very full life as a wife, mother, and blogger to commit to sharing her passion for inspiring others
This year there will be coffees. And long lunches. And midday beers. And group study sessions.
Read “The Vietnam in Me,” by Tim O’Brien. Prepare an entry slip for tomorrow’s fishbowl discussion. Remember that your entry slips should contain the following elements:
On the Kuretake blog we're hosting another challenge and this time we've got doodle mania. We're showing doodling techniques using different types of pens by Kuretake and this one below is mine:
They refused to accept any blame. They have returned the money to the real Barry, but I'm out of pocket to the tune of £800 plus my Ebay listing and selling fees.
Things are so much fun right now at the Tour de Writing! Marisa (elegant snobbery) has led a group of writers into a fast pace into the sprints. Ann Marie made some campy progress while roughing it, and there is a strong middle group of riders, chugging along!! Great job on all the progress last week, everyone.
Before you even think it, I have tried it, so baby, I can knock it. I have given anal its fair shake with a handful of different partners on the off chance that my displeasure was related to the partner I was with. It was not. In my opinion, were anal to be pleasurable then shitting would be orgasmic and I have never had an O while taking a poo so nope, it ain’t for me. Not to say that some people don’t dig it, cause I know they do for any multitude of reasons. Some people dig the discomfort, some people just enjoy the taboo, some people the submission and some people are just…well…into shit. To them I say have at! Enjoy it! Rip yourself a new asshole, quite literally if you like.
Bernard M. Gordon
Chelsea: Petr Cech; Jos e Bosingwa, Branislav Ivanovic, John Terry, Ryan Bertrand; John Obi Mikel, Raul Meireles; Ramires, Florent Malouda, Daniel Sturridge; Fernando Torres
Finally, I have a warm water-proof pair of boots I can use five nights a week night for the six weeks of Christmas carriage driving, so my feet stay warm and dry.
I’ve worked in several factories where I never saw the daylight – only the awful artificial strip-lighting. I often felt like a prisoner, but I made many good friends, and enjoyed the companionship of people as hard-up as myself. I hope and pray that in portraying Bradley’s difficulties, some light will be shed on the subject of ‘scabs’ and the pressure of debt. What forced them to make this difficult decision? Do they deserve the total rejection they receive even now, from the mining communities? Can they, twenty-seven years later, be understood and forgiven?
"Jones Harvest Publishing along with 230 (so far) plus SIX OTHER COMPANIES is finally filing suit against Bonnie Kaye. I already paid the Miller Law Group in West Lawn PA for the whole thing, so I don't need any money from you or anyone.
Mass Market Paperback: 320 pages
unsolved
Good morning everyone (at least, for me..) !
Last year around this time, Lidia and Bella had a hard time getting along.
The union had demanded that the image be taken down, following a "number of complaints" from Muslims suggesting that the image was offensive to their sensibilities. There's no mention, incidentally, of any complaints coming from Christians, although the image of Jesus in the cartoon is every bit as satirical and thus potentially "offensive" as that of Mohammed.
Come back on Sunday to hear what Susanna has been up to
I think that does it for this card. It is a simple greeting that I can't wait to share with a little goody bag once Halloween gets here. As always, everything I used here is SU! so please contact me about ordering or general product info. have a great Saturday!
That just shuts me up
Something about this night had him tossing and turning.
This second novel by rising star Brenna Yovanoff is a story of identity, discovery, and a troubled love between two people struggling to find their place both in our world and theirs.
Ms. Reinke also said the initiative would build a more locally-based and self-reliant food economy within the community.
I’m an over-thinker, and I always have been. I’m the person that stays up past my bedtime because my mind starts wandering about why the world is here and what “nothing” actually means. Think about it. Do the universes/galaxies/etc just stop somewhere? And if they stop, what would define stopping? And if it’s just a vast amount of nothing, then what is nothing? See? I’m doing it again. I get my brain all into a confused tizzy. Hence why I’m Agnostic. I just don’t know! But damned if my Sarah brain isn’t trying to rationalize it.
The notion that all religion is bad is a false assumption based on negative experience. We don’t want to give people a bad taste in their mouth so we deceptively present Christianity as if there are no restrictions attached. “All you have to do is admit that you’re a sinner and accept Jesus into your heart.” Once they have fallen for the bate and switch, they get into the mess that is Christianity and find that there are a lot of disagreements on how they ought to live after they are saved. Presenting the notion that we can kneel at the cross for salvation without taking up our own in sanctification is a classical trick which leaves the Church with a lot of Christians who only have one foot in the door.
Proclaim LIBERTY throughout the land unto all the inhabitants thereof Lev XXV X
Place corn flakes in a food processor and pulse until they are fine crumbs. Mix corn flakes, bread crumbs and ranch in a medium-sized bowl.
The next day, we awoke before sunrise to hike in Corcovado National Park. The animals are more active during the morning and we could beat some of the heat. This area is frighteningly hot and humid; you live in a constant state of sweating. The national park is famous for its abundance of reptiles, birds, mammals, trees, orchids, butterflies, and insects. Supposedly five percent of the world’s species can be found in the national park. The trail meanders through thick jungle vegetation overlooking the beach and just teaming with wildlife. You hike much slower in this environment, utilizing all your senses trying to spot any movement of life. When you do spot something it’s pretty exciting. The first mammal spotted was one white-nosed coati, which we thought was pretty cool. But later in the day we stood right next to a family of ten coatis while they climbed trees, ate plantains, dug holes, and cruised the jungle floor. It was almost surreal to be miles in the jungle and so close to animals in their environment. Some of the other animals we saw were tayras, lizards, squirrels, butterflies, beetles, ants, spiders, hawks, falcons, egrets, macaws, numerous other birds, a crocodile, and more crabs (of course). It was really a special experience.
If Christ is so important, then why does he say the church is the answer and not Christ? If the church is the answer, then why does he say that his church is not for people who want to know Jesus? Why was he hostile against the gospel at his revival by sensoring it? If Christ is important at all, why did Furtick cheer Perry Noble on for promoting him as Messiah?
If your app supports API levels lower than 11, then there’s probably nothing you need to do right now, because your app is already running on handset devices. When the ICS SDK does arrive, though, it’ll still be important that you verify your app’s performance on the new platform.
Imagine with me for a moment that on the structure of this garden is a giant window with large panes right above the squares. Can you envision that that would be an inspiration to replicate on the ground? Hmmmm, still with me? Imagine it in another setting and the window possessed a palladium window above it? Setting that curve at the top of the cut squares could be interesting.
white card coloured with mustard promarker for matting
"Hi, Mrs. D, what's up?" he said warily.
To Vietnam with Love: A Travel Guide for the Connoisseur
We ended our shopping trip & meet the guys in Lees Summit for a yummy Mexican dinner at Jose Peppers.
Dad mulled over what I’d just said and a wry smile spread across his face. ’Actually scratch that. Load my cadaver into a catapult and fire it into the air. Wherever it lands I’d like to be left to rot.’
To ease these newbies in to the world of respectable gaming we chose "Ticket to Ride- Europe". Tap and Maggie learned the rules very quickly, and we launched into the thick of things right off. Oddly, unlike previous games that have been played like four-way solitaire, this game was much more interactive, with people blocking each other off early on and 80% of the first third of the game taking place in France and Italy alone.
ice plant
Shanghai has a modern subway system, too, but a lot of people get around on two- and three wheeled motorcycles, mopeds, bicycles, and electric scooters. On most wider boulevards, these vehicles have their own dedicated lane. Tradespeople pile them high with vegetables or building materials.
Two years ago, I started running when my boss told me I had no place telling others how to eat better. I knew I had gotten a little heavy and was trying to lose it/tone up. To have someone point it out to me in the way he did literally put me in tears. The next day, I bought a Runner’s World Magazine and NEVER looked back. There is a dirt track by my home that is .67 miles around. Two years ago when I started running, I couldn’t run ONE LAP before I had to walk. In November, during my full marathon, I RAN 13.3 MILES before I needed to slow down. That’s a long way to come in two years.
As I was sitting here wondering what in the world to blog about, a new follower (http://onmyminddylan.wordpress.com/) asked how in the world do I get so many views and followers. NOTE: I put down his web address, go check it out!
If we were to have an official brew for the 81st session of the Texas Legislature, I'd nominate Old Chub Scottish Ale, for obvious reasons. Somehow, though, I suspect it wouldn't gain passage – aside from the fact that this beer comes from Colorado's Oskar Blues Brewery, and not a Texas beermaker, there's the additional problem that it might leave a bitter taste in Republicans' mouths. Too bad, it's a mighty tasty beer.
It only took me one listen to realize Rotten Sound hadn't made any headway since their disappointing Cycles. Calling it a slide might be a bit too much, rather than a fall like 90's Napalm Death, the band has simply repeated themselves and added only tweaks and bugs to their execution with recent releases. That stomach churning guitar tone that was responsible for clearing whole forests back in 2005 with Exit has been diminished to a digital liquid soup with lack of character. The grime that covered every inch in Exit (including the hostile artwork) has been blunted into a fatter, boring-er sound. The vocals have lost whatever punch they had and are some of the most repetitive and uninteresting around (this would be a title fight between Deafeatist in the land of the inane). Songs lack character and definition, possibly a symptom of using such a muddied guitar tone; but somehow all those Swedes back when made it work.
Frames are lingual asymptotes
ISBN: 9780761365679; Published January 2012 by Carolrhoda; Borrowed from the library; Purchased for the library.
Anyway, here is another photo of Casa Loma that really caught my eye when I was reviewing my photos of our visit. To me there is a bit of a keystoning perspective problem in this photo as well, but I actually like the effect and left it as is. I love everything about this photo – the colours, the textures, the lines, the patterns, the perspective, and the details.
Perkins
He eyed my purse like it was the holy grail. When he finally managed to pull his eyes off my bag I tried to give him my signature, "Touch this and I'll ... Well, we both know I'm not capable of doing anything about it, but I'll be madder than an expat waiting in line at the prefecture."
7. Liza Minnelli “Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)”
In order to get to the "After" status, I also painted all the trim inside the closet and the coat racks with high-gloss Behr Swiss Coffee paint. I already had a quart of this since it's what we'll be using to paint most, if not all, the trim in the house. I suppose the "After" picture should be titled "In Progress", since there's still more painting to be done to get this area in tip top shape. The center and outside portions of the door frame and the door itself need to be painted. Badly. They haven't been painted in decades and after living here for more two years (and two kids to show for it), we're tired of looking at the dirty, yellow things.
Diesel and I went over to Debbie's for a visit. We had a run in the pasture. We petted the horses and had tea - with fruitcake. I know what you're thinking. It was unbelievably good though, handmade-by-a-Louisiana-woman-type good. That was Tuesday. She filled out the application for Diesel and we all traded e-mails.
According to the NLRB charge, Jimmy John’s Rule #11 in the 2010 employee handbook states: “Find your own replacement if you are not going to be at work. We do not allow people to simply call in sick! We require our employees and managers to find their own replacement! NO EXCEPTIONS!”
While it is not photography (yes Virginia there is other art besides photography), make sure you see Alterpolitan: An Indoor Sculpture Garden at 30 W. Monroe where the lobby of the Inland Steel building has been transformed into an urban garden. http://www.popupartloop.com/active.php?id=140.
It is with a heavy heart and unequivocal tone that I say 2012 has been an absolutely wretched year for me.
And my personal favorite:
Icelandic band showcased by French news site
See her laughing
So, if you are looking for a good diet picture book for your 4 year old, call a nutritionist, then your pediatrician, then your therapist. Then give your 4 year old a hug, and don't buy this book.
In the Greek scriptures, James points this fact out by stating: “For whoever observes all the law but makes a false step in one point, he has become an offender against them all.”
Forms of Assessment Used:
The rise of Islamic fundamentalism and the terror attacks around the world has fueled an interest in Islam, if only in self defense. The Topkapi Secret by Terry Kelhawk ($25.00, Prometheus Books) is a story of cultures clashing and the emotions that soar as Arab researcher Mohammed Atareek and American professor Angela Hall race away from death towards discovery. Will what they learn about the Koran cost them their lives or change the world? It centers on a fictional Topkapi Codex, an ancient manuscript of the Koran involved in the murder that split Islam into two sects, Shiites and Sunni. In the novel, Atareek is obsessed with getting his hands on the manuscript, displayed within the Topkapi Palace Museum in Istanbul. Years ago Topkapi was the locale of a novel made into a movie involving an attempted gem theft. This book offers a comparable tale, but one with explosive potential. Another novel reflects the culture clash that has stamped this decade from 9/11 to Iraq to Afghanistan as Americans respond to the threat to their way of life, values, and freedom. Lipstick in Afghanistan ($15.00, Gallery Books, softcover) by Roberta Gately is the story of an American nurse’s life-changing journey into a war zone. It is the story of Elsa who dreamed of being a nurse and of leaving her working class Boston neighborhood to help people whose lives are far more difficult than her own. Her secret weapon is a tube of lipstick and, when she uses it, she can take on any challenge. Still, even nights as an emergency room nurse could not prepare her for the devastation she witnesses at a small medical clinic she runs in Bamiyan. For an insightful look at the harsh realities of Afghanistan, a dash of romance, and some adventure, this story, based on real life experience is well worth reading.
The other thing I want to add is like, in this context of, you know, the article, though very good points and many people in the movement felt it was good because it sparked a conversation, it came at a time when it was—it almost derailed us. And we worked with each other, you know, on the issue of Trinity and Duarte Square, and it’s like, we would have appreciated a phone call, because we would have facilitated these conversations, which needed to happen. And because of—thanks to your article, we’ve overcome it, and we have a deeper sense, because we’ve talked about violence versus diversity of tactics back in August, and it was heated conversations. But many other people joined, and the conversation needed to be had again. And this is why we have Tidal, to always have these conversations.
Most of the quakes that roll in from time to time are minor or come from far away (a big rolling feeling means it comes from afar, and you can hear those coming, too. A hard, building jolt means that the epicenter is quite close, a few miles or so.). But it’s like living on a precipice: Get too complacent and bad things can happen.
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a quote of $1,300 for a very similar butcher block countertop from the company Home Depot uses? I saved one thousand buckaroos and it looks pretty darn good! I am SO happy with it, and it was so (grumble) worth (grumble) all the work!
The last couple of months I've been struggling with a bit of a problem. It seems like my art for "work" has gotten in the way of my art for "me."
Do with that what you will...
But to the story then. It's about a blind girl who can see again thanks to modern science. Caitlin is living her life, having a boyfriend and communication with the presence known as Webmind. This is the thing then. The Internet was awakened, an AI was formed and now the news about this is everywhere. The US government is scared and wants to shut it down, the Chinese wants to shut down the outside internet in general. All while webmind tries to tell everyone that he so to say come in peace. He cures cancer, because he can. But like all things that are just too big to understand he is feared and this book is all about trying to kill him, while others tries to understand him. And Caitlin tries to save him.
The producers of Hair are sorry to announce that unfortunately the forthcoming UK tour will not be going ahead. Despite the best efforts of all involved to keep the production moving forward, it has become apparent that certain criteria could not be met and regrettably the show will not now open in Liverpool as originally planned. The producers would like to apologise to the many fans of this iconic show who had been greatly excited by its planned revival.
We grew up. We moved away. She's a social worker in Madison, now, and I'm an office manager and church organist in Milwaukee. We run into one another once in awhile at funerals. We both made it to adulthood, safe now from eagles, gypsies, and the threat of the Ickle Ockle bushes. I think of that on warm summer nights when the fireflies are out.
Darkman (Tony Gardner, Larry Hamlin)
Dear BBC, please contact the Lerner and Loew estates and get permission for this ASAP, it would be brilliant. As Lord ALW has buggered off to ITV, let’s get some fresh blood in, there are plenty of theatrical impresarios out there looking for extra publicity in these recessionary times. I suggest Bill Kenwright, because I’ve heard of him and he’s an ex-actor, so he should be ok on the telly.
Beside these marvelous resorts the name comes that can never be ignored is Solluna Resort In Corbett, Wild Trail Resort In Corbett, Tarika Resort In Corbett, Corbett Escape Resort In Corbett, Wood Castle Resort In Corbett, Manu Maharani Resort In Corbett infect Manu Maharani is one of the best resort in Corbett.
This is where the problems arise for me.
Then D decided to one-up me and crack a rib or two a couple of weeks ago in what must have been a really spectacular fall in her laundry room.
Tomorrow’s the big day. Departure time 3.30pm Sydney airport. My mum, dad, brother and boyfriend are all accompanying me and seeing me off. The tears will be flowing.
At first we had it all to ourselves, and we simply enjoyed the parading party peeps. We asked the passersby to identify themselves. We maybe asked them very loudly, with my husband patenting a voracious battle cry of IDENTIFY YOUR CHARACTER! whenever a costumed kook walked by. A young couple joined us, and the boy knew everything about every one of the characters that came along. It was such good fun, he was a bona fide carrier of a cool card in this environment, giving us all the history and battle tales we could ever seek about each hybrid freak that crossed our path. The more we drank, the more curious we grew. Answer man knew it all.
I also plan on painting mine this pretty purple by Pure Ice (one of my cheaper brands) for Easter this weekend. Maybe my sister and I can get our Mom to go a little color crazy with her nails during our nail-painting party this weekend!
Earlier this week a friend dropped by with her two- year-old granddaughter and a frozen chicken pot-pie. She asked to use my micro to heat up a meal for the child, because the electricity was off at her house.
TIME: 11:18 AM
We had as much excitement on the rather ramshackle converted lifeboat that served my parents as a cabin cruiser on the Thames for a year or two. The sight and sound of celebrities clashing egos on whale-foreskin-covered bar-stools would have been as nothing compared to the tale of the Day Dad Dropped The Elsan.
This is where I mutter under my breath about being too old for this crap.
First let me console your readers. John Lynch, did you really buy your color TV because of the joy the New Jersey Nets colors brought you? I find that hard to believe. But I will believe you and am more than happy to take your TV off your hands seeing as how you won’t need it anymore. And don’t you worry David Distefano I’m sure the Nets will have plenty of merchandise to exchange with you for money!
Either way, I had fun with it and I look forward to having more fun trying out other projects including some of my favourites, the sock monkey cupcakes, the high heel shoe cupcakes and the ‘Night of the Living Dead’ cupcakes …okay, so I’m still focusing too much on cupcakes. That will change, soon enough.
What I’d really want to say is I wish I were as passionate about writing as Alyza is about her writing and her painting. She is a medical student, but she finds time to write and draw. She was published in magazines and in Heights. I was really passionate when I was a kid, but I lost it in college. I blame accounting. A subject such as that can really suck the life out of anybody. I think I am regaining my passion these days. I am really proud that I started this blog. In the past, I wouldn’t have been brave enough to let other people read what I have written. I have only been brave enough to publish one essay in the Philippine Daily Inquirer and some articles in The Guidon. I should send my stuff out more. My problem is finishing my pieces. I have so many writing ideas lined up; it’s crazy. Sometimes I work on this project, then abandon it, then work on another project, then start a new one.
Eggs: Start the day off right with seven grams of protein! Having an egg in the morning will keep your body busy because digesting eggs burns more calories than a carb-infested breakfast.
Byron McMackin - Drums
Baked asparagus with sea salt nuggets! Oh yeah! This is my favorite way to prepare asparagus, and now it's even better! Toss your asparagus in olive oil, grind on some black pepper, and liberally sprinkle with Garlic Gold sea salt nuggets. Bake at 350* for 15-20 minutes and you are golden! (ha, bad joke! I'm not sorry!)
Now your task is to try setting custom white balance, taking a picture & then taking the same picture using Auto White Balance. Compare the results from both on your computer’s monitor & see the difference. I bet, you’ll become a follower of Custom White Balance.
Simon Darby interviews Enis Dalton on her regular activist duties and during canvassing. Enis has been out this morning delivering leaflets in Monk Bretton, despite the rain she was in good spirits.
I’ve been thinking about this for a while, and discussing it with friends planning on interning for free as well. We seem to accept that its something we will have to do in order to get a job, but I don’t know whether we’re simply accepting it as a necessary part of this industry; whether we actually wouldn’t like to do it, but we know we have to. Or do we actually think it’s right to not get paid for doing genuine work? I think there are many internships which offer genuine experience, and a chance to shadow and observe someone doing the job that you want. But I see ten times as many with a list longer than your screen, of necessary duties and tasks that as an unpaid workie, you are expected to do. Work Experience? Many are more like a senior role! And yet they still turn away tons of applicants. In fact, many fashion students are so desperate for work experience that to get something, anything, no matter what the salary/expenses are, feels like an achievement! It does seem a bit ridiculous when you’re begging a big company to allow you to work for free, and you still get turned down.
And their new friends.
Gracie is a very popular and influential girl at Plymouth North High and she had clearly expressed her disapproval of Jordan’s interest in me. Going against her wishes would have warranted Jordan some very unpleasant consequences, so he dodged the blow. I guess I could understand that, but I was still insecure about one thing.
Exhausted, drained of all energy and hope, I reached out to God for strength, not for me but for my mom. Dying of a rapidly, fatal cancer, I made a vow to my mom she would not die alone.
School Food Trust research suggests pupils get a quarter of the recommended daily intake from lunch, rather than the third that is advised.
3. Exhumed identity
Enter the realm of The Immortals—and experience the extraordinary #1 New York Times bestselling series that has taken the world by storm.
It is not all bleak news. It sounds like their new products will be more affordable to those of us struggling to afford gluten free foods.
Athlete and global messenger Amanda Church, who was also competing on the Norvatis, Easton team spoke during the opening ceremonies saying, “I think my teammates can agree with me on this, that Bio-Ball is one of our favorite competitions to be a part of every year.”
Natalie had one final thought before the life drained from her completely. It was her eyes. They just didn't blink enough.
In the end, I ended up sharing my bed with Veronica, an elephant, two puppy dogs, an otter, a seal, and an alligator. I think Matt even found a place on the community bed as well!
the two volumes Adonis, Attis, Osiris. Anyone who is acquainted with
I wanted to buy one, but didn't find the ones I wanted (a pooing George Bush or an Obama, they make them to resemble current characters.) I definitely plan to go back to Barcelona, I loved it there, and will get me some Caganers next time I go. It will be a Caga Christmas!
It reminded me of the churches I visited
Once long ago but in a time very much like ours there was a milonga in Bucharest...
been a lot of wonderful inspiration lately... thanks for that!
Mawlana Hazar Imam is currently in Kenya to meet with the Jamat, after having visited with Jamats in Tanzania and Uganda. While in Nairobi, Hazar Imam will also preside over the opening of the Aga Khan University Hospital’s Heart and Cancer Unit, and the groundbreaking of the Aga Khan University Graduate School of Media and Communications.
When we embrace humility
As I composed this card, I thought it would be perfect for Mother's Day. The watercolor print in the jar (Dear Lizzy Neapolitan) was just perfect for this challenge. I love using these jars as specimen jars! I added the gold embossed butterflies (DCWV Coral Couture). I also used coral hued cardstock and embellishments so the card would have a monochromatic feel. I added a bit of sass by adding a metallic gold panel behind the coral damask print and heat embossing the sentiment in metallic gold.
Newmarket
Buy One Get One 50% Off All Dresses! Enter coupon code LOVEMOM
So next time you are in Texas you might want to pick up some beer that is impossible to buy and enjoy in Louisiana. When safely home with your smuggled contraband, toast your inner Bandit, Snowman or Frog (Burt Reynolds, Jerry Reed, and Sally Field). And check out freelouisianabeer.blogspot.com for some things you can do to help us change Louisiana’s beer distribution laws.
So the Min of Health meeting with everybody that was involved today, to get their stories straight. And Cheryl Miller has been advised to stay at home….until the case resolved….Wait, is send they sending Cheryl home? She on suspension? Holiday? No-pay leave? Look, this is the public service….define the leave all yuh asking/telling/demanding Miller take.
In other news, I went to an "authentic French bakery" near our apartment where I promptly spit my almond croissant onto the sidewalk outside. So, so bad. That one's gonna hurt.
You love everybody.
Good luck poets! Do the GTA proud!
Memorable Line: “You’re about to learn who you gonna call … Ghostbusters.”
Of the possibility of who I might become and where that may lead me
The rabbit looked around. "This place isn’t for you, but I will be late sooner than later," the rabbit said. "Would you like to come with me?" It hopped away.
Small bar in a great city, after seeing the size of the brew house, I am surprised we got any bottled stock of this at all!
When Pieter was a little boy, he did visit his Dad's eldest brother, Hendrikus Johannes Vedder, who was a widower and lived in Duiven, in the province of Gelderland in The Netherlands. That uncle Drikus had an accordion, a Hohner, Vienna Style. Pieter loved to play on it and when his uncle gifted him the beloved Vienna Style Accordion, he was in heaven. A dream come true, although this was an old diatonic accordion from the 1920s probably, as Hohner build the Vienna Style Accordions from the 1910s till 1930s.
Him:'Honest????'
In case you haven't heard...we've had a really interesting week! But not in a good way. Last week an LCB officer came into our store. My editorial is below.
I think See’s statement “effective technology plans focus on applications, not technology” is correct. Districts already have media specialists to teach the basics. The purpose of technology use for the general education instructor is to use emerging technology to enrich and submerge students. General education teachers need to demonstrate how real world technologies can be transferred to the mach workforce environments.
Always.
The second reason – Wins over Everton , a Carling Cup victory and an FA cup Final. They have won the ‘blockbuster’ matches for the season. It’s just a simple case that they lose every other match they play in. Well not quite as bad as that but hey, they have been poor.
This may be normal behaviour in many cinemas, but the people sitting near us heaved a collective sigh of relief as Chatty Cathy and her friend left. Gate people behave well and pay attention to the screen.
But wait…training courses are now available for women on the following subjects:
Were they all wrong about limiting, balancing, placing checks on government? Were they all wrong about liberty?
We brewed an IPA born from boatloads of Maris Otter, Briess two row, Caramel 20, and Munich premium malts. The hops: Columbus, Chinook, Centennial, and Simcoe in the kettle. OG: 19.3 degrees P, if I recall correctly. Planned dry hop: Chinook and Centennial.
“Bierbrauerei" by M. Krandauer, 1914, page 301.
- Yet when we came back, late, from the Hyacinth garden,
Dinner was broccoli with a couple tablespoons of homemade ranch (made with yogurt).
Shown here is 'Jawbreaker' - one of my all time favorite polishes. I think this polish is an enormous accomplishment because it has appealed to the public on a mainstream level and perfectly encapsulates what a fun, but not over the top, polish should be like.
The strip typically shows the two characters mincing their way through the Wild West, chatting up sheriffs and scandalizing other cowboys with their
On the city's side of the ledger, Valtronic will receive a maximum grant amount of about $45,000 a year beginning in mid-2014 if all first-year projections -- 32 new jobs -- are met by the end of 2013.
When, where: 5:35 p.m. Friday, 1:05 p.m. Saturday, 1:05 p.m. Sunday, Goss Stadium, Corvallis.
Prince Abdulaziz spoke at a conference Saturday on Gulf youth issues.
A fountain might sound like a surprising addition when you're thinking water conservation, but even though recirculating fountains lose some water to evaporation and splash-out - the East Bay Municipal Utility District estimates that about 1 to 4 gallons per square foot of water per year gets lost to evaporation from pools - it still uses a lot less than the water lost to a large turf grass lawn, and the pleasure that people take in the sound of water can be well worth the trade-off.
"The riots and 1992 feel like a time period we can never get to because there are just not enough hours in the day," she said. "But it's really important for my students to learn about what happens when a community breaks down or has no hope and no sense of justice."
Authorities said five men went on to the jetty about 7 p.m. Thursday night to fish, but two of the men, seeing the rising tide, climbed off to shore in the pre-dawn hours.
"When I get on a plane and see a 13-year-old girl with her whale tail" - exposed G-string underwear - "and fat old white guys with plumber's crack sitting down, and middle-aged ladies in halter tops and tons of cleavage - if you're not going to kick those people off the plane or ask them to cover up, then let's admit the hypocrisy."
Santorum wins 18 delegates from the congressional districts, but only 12 of those people will be able to vote at the national convention.
He said the falsified expense reports wouldn't have been considered materially significant events that would get him fired for cause, which is why the board allowed him to resign.
SSM St. Clare Health Center will offer a free car-seat safety event from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday, May 12, at the hospital, 1015 Bowles Ave. in Fenton. Certified car-seat safety technicians will offer instruction and free installation following strict guidelines set by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Gilbert Leon lived in north Phoenix near the biker bars where he loved to hang out. But he was raised on the south side, in the same area where a stray bullet from a gang fight ended his life.
Heart
In some instances, the grown children are supporting their fathers.
"It was every day, I would ask him, 'What is Rich (Cho) saying?'" Roy said, referring to the Blazers' general manager. "We became closer in that stretch."
A piano quintet will play era-specific music, as Barbara Chronowski presents her monologue based on first-hand encounters. After the meal, explore "Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition" at the San Diego Natural History Museum, with doors open until 3am.
“Those two experiences might have made me think that getting stage roles would be easy,” he says.
"You've got 10 percent unemployment, and you add another 5 or 10 percent" for discouraged workers or those stuck in part-time positions, because they can't find full-time work, says Doug Hart, a retail specialist at the consulting firm BDO USA. But the remaining 80 percent, having survived layoffs, "are feeling more secure about their jobs."
Having the inert Miguel Cabrera "defending" the hot corner and the immobile Fielder parked at first should give Detroit pitchers nightmares. The Tigers are joking about that, right?
The fire made contact with three other vehicles, though the Mercedes got the worst of the fire damage, police said.
2:56 - Christie is proposing a new division for seniors, the Division of Aging Services, to coordinate services for seniors.
Not that there's any guarantee.
"It's going to be easier during the season because I can rest in the morning," Morales said. "Here, we're up at 6 a.m. every day and have 1 p.m. games. At night, you feel a little fresher."
The Masai Mara, on the southern border with Tanzania, is the most visited park in Kenya, probably because it has plentiful game and the archetypal "Lion King" golden grass and flat-topped tree landscape.
Shell Alaska spokesman Curtis Smith said in a formal announcement that the decision means Shell, for the first time, has usable air permits that will allow its drill ship, the Noble Discoverer, to work in the outer continental shelf off Alaska's northwest coast in 2012.
Hopkins' new hospital, a pair of 12-story towers for adults and children, is scheduled to open April 29 and will replace buildings constructed in the 1930s and 1950s. Next door to the existing main hospital facing Wolfe Street, the new hospital, facing Orleans Street, will offer 560 private rooms, 33 operating rooms and new adult and children's emergency rooms.
NightMaze - The ever-changing blacked-out environment continues to morph throughout the evening.
"My daughter is an astronaut, and there was an explosion and the news media want to talk to me," Belfer said quietly, patiently.
lawmakers will advance more pedestrian, politically safe goals: passing a routine round of annual spending bills as well as a special budget bill that would block automatic spending cuts to the Pentagon and domestic agencies from taking effect in January.
As trucks rumbled by outside, Philip insisted the purchase made sense. The state, she said, would pay her 39 cents a pound for the monitors to be recycled, at least $15 each. Even after paying another firm to process the glass, she could make money off the copper and plastic.
Howell senior Jake Ivory put his stamp on the game in the bottom of the fourth with a two-run home run over the left-field wall to trim East's lead to 4-3.
The Arizona native and his family have lived in Queen Creek since 2004. Alston, the top vote getter in the May 2010 council election, told The Republic two years ago that he had planned on making Queen Creek his home "for years to come" and sought election because he wanted to be involved.
Citlaly Ocampo, now 12, showed a picture of her and her brother taken two days before Christmas at a Yorba Linda holiday event.
Last week, Accretive's lawyer accused Swanson of distorting the company's business practices and of blindsiding the company by releasing information the lawyer said Accretive had provided "voluntarily and confidentially."
Don't hold your breath for discounts on the latest and greatest, though. For 3-D and TVs that connect to the Internet, shoppers will have to wait until after Christmas for discounts, according to Craig Johnson, president of retail consultancy Customer Growth Partners.
Contact the Peninsula Traffic Congestion Relief Alliance at 650-588-8170 or visit the agency's website at www.commute.org for all the details. Share the information with your neighbors and friends through Facebook, conversations or any way you want. Team up to do something positive about traffic congestion in Pacifica.
“When some people are somewhat hesitant to be real confident in their abilities, they spend a lot less time worrying about winning ballgames than worrying about trying to be good,’’ Casey said. “(Fry) is less concerned about himself than about us winning ball games. And that’s a trait that most guys who end up being real, real good have.
In a globalized age, Chinese and American pop culture mix in unexpected ways. Taiwanese singers borrow from hip-hop and R&B. Locked-out NBA players join mainland basketball teams. And Batman — or, at least, the man who plays him — is called upon to complete an unlikely mission: save scores of Nanjing women from brutal Japanese soldiers.
"It's inevitable we'll see adverse effects," Honda Motor Co. Executive Vice President Tetsuo Iwamura said at a news conference for the company's latest earnings on Friday.
* Browns receiver Carlton Mitchell is still practicing with a splint on his surgically-repaired ring finger.
When you watch the two teams in warm-ups -- I don't care who they're playing -- you look at Oregon and you look down at the other end of the field, Chip always says, "Well, we lost another pregame." Oregon doesn't necessarily intimidate you. But they play with just a reckless-abandon attitude and they are so fast collectively.
The views on the return trip will leave you breathless, as may the steep trail back up to the mesa.
In the face of those tests, others emerged. Jorden Page returned from missing all of the 2010-11 season to average eight points a game. When Steindl went out, Holt stepped up. When Holt got hurt, Steindl returned the favor.
"Do we need to look at contingency plans? Absolutely," he said.
“I didn’t make that something that I wanted to do,” he said. “I didn’t want to make that my life.”
She hit a two-run homer with two outs in the second inning, and Jordan, the next batter, followed with a solo shot. First baseman Melissa Sechrest hit a two-out, solo homer in the third to make it 4-0.
Some analysts think the two picks after Weeden -- offensive lineman David DeCastro of Stanford, to Pittsburgh, and Riley Reiff of Iowa, to New England -- are better players. One report, however, said the Browns had Weeden ranked 13th overall.
Where it's from: The Burgundy region of France, where Georges Duboeuf has been king of Beaujolais Nouveau -- the young red wine always released on the third Thursday in November -- for many decades. Duboeuf produces 30 million bottles annually of this and other wines.
Commercials are the latest arena in which TV and movie stars are crowding out voice-over professionals. Most major documentaries use big-screen or TV talent -- think Morgan Freeman in the hit film "March of the Penguins." Big parts in animated movies go almost exclusively to recognizable actors -- Tom Hanks in "Toy Story" or Mike Myers in "Shrek" -- in part because the stars can market the movie in ways an unknown can't.
The classics: Midsized har gau ($3/4) are chewy but fresh-tasting. Steam boils over as the server lifts the metal lid of your siu mai ($2.60/4) pot; take heed, the peppery-juicy bites are burning hot. Cookie-size custard tarts ($2.60/3) suffer from a chalky crust and seemingly unsweetened filling.
The holy site, long contested by Hindus and Muslims, has been a flashpoint for deadly inter-religious ...
February 2011: County delays March 24 move-in date indefinitely, after computer contracts are delayed.
Duncan was named chief in 2003, succeeding Chief Helen Bicart, who retired. He subsequently reorganized and streamlined the department's command structure, which includes LO-COM dispatching for Lake Oswego, West Linn and Milwaukie.
Domes sees them learning physics, electronics, chemistry and material science.
Big brother Armond Armstead, a 6-5, 295-pound defensive lineman who played at USC, visited the Miami Dolphins and Cleveland Browns this week. He expects a call during next week's NFL draft.
So at last we reach the saga of Pujols, or "Albert" as my kids always call him. Isn't it time that we admit we wanted him to be more than a ball player, and that our own (greedy?) desire to have him make us feel special is part of why we're so hurt by his departure? My daughters love Albert, have loved watching him play, and I hope with all my heart that their summer evenings at the ballpark with their dad and me become some of their most treasured childhood memories.
Grand River: Most of the bass are small, but there are huge numbers of them, mostly smallmouths, and they're usually suckers for a streamer fly. The stretch through the Portland State Game Area downstream from Lansing is a wonderful place to canoe.
Justice Department investigators back up their claim by citing e-mails sent and received within the Sheriff's Office and citizen complaints asking for Arpaio's help in ridding their neighborhood of Latinos.
Under the league's original 2011-12 schedule, the Blazers would have played 21 games before Dec. 15. In the span they would have played the remaining 61 game, plus one week, the Blazers will now have to squeeze in 11 more games.
After the retirees sued Merrill in 2009, the pension fund's board of trustees refused to join the lawsuit, saying overly generous benefits and the government's failure to make contributions are the real culprits. "Cadillac pension benefits with Pinto payments'' is how the board's chairman described the problem in a letter to the lawyers representing Merrill and the retirees. He added that other underfunded retirement systems had similar asset allocations.
I work very hard to control these issues and quell my instinctive responses. I have gotten better, but still have very far to go. He doesn't always get treated as he deserves.
This week, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled, 5-4, against the 1.5 million women workers at Walmart who claimed -- in the largest civil rights class-action lawsuit in history -- that the company favored men over women in pay and promotions.
The SpaceX test launch "will be a symbolic milestone," Logsdon adds.
At many Italian restaurants the main courses are letdowns, but they are some of my favorite things here. Finding excellent whole fish isn't difficult these days, but the roasted dorade ($26) is among the best. It comes out with the head intact, so you can dig for the cheeks, but it's been boned in the kitchen; the only thing left on the inside are a few slices of Meyer lemon and herbs that add complexity to the delicate meat. It's accompanied by a refreshing citrus and fennel salad.
Heat large skillet, preferably cast iron, on medium-high. Add olive oil, and when hot add pineapple, onion, mint and shrimp. Saute for 1-2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add sauce and saute another 1-2 minutes, or until shrimp is pink.
505 SPRING ST $35,100
Google's collection of 600 gigabytes of personal data -- including emails, photos, Web histories and passwords -- from Wi-Fi routers worldwide was first uncovered in Germany in 2010. It prompted a series of inquiries in Europe and elsewhere.
Mix the glaze: Combine brown sugar and melted butter in a small bowl.
Mom said that when she and her classmates made their first public appearance - at New York's St. Patrick's Cathedral on Easter Sunday, after six weeks of training - people didn't know who they represented because nobody in the public had ever seen a women's Marine uniform before. By the way, those spiffy full-dress uniforms included gloves.
"I didn't have an office on K Street," Romney said, refocusing his attention on Gingrich. "I wasn't a lobbyist."
If it's Europe or bust for you, get ready to pay a hefty price.
Darius Fleming has done all he can to prepare for the NFL draft this week.
Although the TSA initially reported Wednesday that the man with the bottles deliberately bypassed secondary screening, Davis said today he never knew he was supposed to be flagged.
It's a desire for balance. In my world, there are too many three-paragraph accounts of young lives ended by murder. Most reporters filter life with a leery eye. But we're also attuned to listen for hope.
At Blueberry Hill in University City, owner Joe Edwards is cutting a door into an exterior wall to connect to an outdoor 'smoking porch."
A man accused of leaving an explosive outside the McNamara Federal Building in Detroit last year can be involuntarily treated with medication to improve his mental health, U.S. Magistrate Judge Timothy Greeley in Marquette ruled Wednesday.
Stop us if you've heard this one before.
In 1977, when he released his "Low" album, David Bowie was in a place that virtually any other rock musician would admire. He was hugely popular -- a bestselling recording artist and a huge draw on the concert trail. Yet he was able -- and extremely eager -- to indulge his experimental streak in a way that pushed the music forward without alienating most of his devoted fans.
Although he acknowledges that City Opera's shortened seasons have allowed his and other companies greater access to singers, Russell said there is "an absolute need" for City Opera.
Remove neck bones from pot to cool slightly. Pull meat off and add to the reserved chicken meat, discarding the bones.
Though Talboy expressed faith that the administration would not seek to cut more than the state's higher education institutions could withstand, he ventured no stance on what would happen if those cuts led to a call for tuition increases.
2010: Sam Gregory, Henry, Paragon's "The Real Thing"
Weeks later, Coburn's team, which included some of the Clinic's top doctors and researchers, boarded a bus for a formal pitch to evaluators from the National Academy of Sciences in Columbus.
"I'm trying not to think about it," Bernard McDondle said. "I'm trying not to get too emotional, this being my last game with my brother.
Enjoy the weekend!
Memo: Scott Maxwell can be reached at smaxwell@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-6141.
She confessed to abusing cocaine, marijuana and pills, and her precious voice became raspy and hoarse, unable to hit the high notes of her prime.
Key players: David Ferreira (F), Marvin Chavez (M), Brek Shea (M)
Lindsey's character became more prominent after Nabors left the show to star in the spin-off series "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." in 1964.
New York’s streets teem with such chaotic vitality that stepping into a theater can seem anticlimactic. So it’s exciting to enter 3LD and encounter floor-to-ceiling windows exposing lower Greenwich Street.
Other major oil companies rose as well. Exxon Mobil shares were down about 56 cents before rebounding to close up 1 cent to $59.27. Chevron Corp. and Total SA had similar rallies.
The Tigers were ahead in game one of the doubleheader, with Baltimore at bat in the top of the sixth inning. Storms were predicted for the area, with these 'thunderheads' beginning to roll into the greater Detroit area at this point. Big John (Boog) Powell had just stepped into the batter's box for Baltimore; Mickey Lolich was hurling for the Tigers. We were sitting on the third-base side, between the Detroit dugout and the backstop, approximately 20 rows back. Suddenly, a tremendous lightning bolt came down out of the sky, directly striking the top of the light tower located right down the rightfield line! Several pieces of metal fragments dropped down off of the roof into Kalines Corner in rightfield. Needless to say, the game was halted at that point; and it wasnt able to restart later. The Tigers were declared the winners, and Game 2 was postponed. Even though we were present for the final game, nevertheless, the bright flash of light and the loud clap of thunder were dazzling. Certainly one of my more interesting memories of the grand 'ol lady at The Corner."
They found some 1,400 other like-minded souls and decided to build themselves a skyscraper.
Tritz credits Dr. Charles Goldfarb, an associate professor of orthopedic surgery at Washington University, who has worked with athletes for the St. Louis Rams and Blues, for not only correctly diagnosing Laramie, but also for helping her regain full motion in her thumb.
Westview's Sasha Margulies (Ball State).
Asking nice, open-ended questions won't magically thaw someone committed to shunning you -- but you'll at least lay the foundation for her to consider your friendship bookmarked for a later date, instead of buried for good.
Wendy McKenna, who holds a doctorate in psychology and is on the gender studies faculty at Purchase College, SUNY, agrees. "I have no idea what's going on with Shiloh or her parents," says McKenna, who also is a member of the psychology and women's studies faculty at Barnard College and has a private psychology practice in Westchester. "But generally, the phenomemon of little boys wanting to dress like little girls and little girls wanting to dress like little boys (at age 5 and younger) is pretty common."
ROUND 5: Mayweather still looks fresh. Cotto gets him in the corner again and unloads. Mayweather throws a roundhouse right. Cotto trying to fight on the inside, but Mayweather's speed too much. Cotto again gets Mayweather on the ropes. Again he unloads, and they're connecting to Mayweather's head. Cotto comes back strong to take the round 10-9 (48-47 for Cotto).
"Not really," he said. "We toyed around with it."
"A healthy baby is worth the wait," Howson said, noting that being even a few weeks early can increase the risk of respiratory problems, jaundice, even death.
Windows software. In the U.S., carriers pay around $400 to subsidize the cost of each iPhone, analysts estimate.
Orders for durable goods dropped 4.2% in March, the steepest fall since January 2009, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. Commercial aircraft orders, a volatile category, fell by nearly 50%.
Find a small trenching shovel, disappear into the sage scrub on Chiquita Ridge and dig yourself a foxhole. Lie low during the day, forage for roadkill on the 241 at night and suckle at the teat of she-coyote if she'll have you.
National Little League president Bill Hooper remembers Harvey "always smiling. He was a great athlete. As a 12-year-old he hit 15 homeruns, five of them grand slams."
A: If your insurance policy covered a canceled tour, then Access America should have paid up.
Instructions: Rinse the chicken bones well, removing any bloody bits and clumps of fat. If the pieces are too large to fit comfortably in your stockpot, separate them at a joint with a boning knife. Try not to splinter the bones. Put the chicken parts in a pot with at least an 8-quart capacity. Add just enough cold water to cover the bones, about 5 quarts.
"I'm not a cowboy person," he said. "I'm a jazz musician."
Smith left the Razorbacks after last season to become the head coach at Weber State, his alma mater.
His renewed work ethic paid off. His senior year, Borth was named concertmaster, or leader of the first violin section.
Production Design: Stuart Craig; Set Decoration: Stephenie McMillan
Wiesel says that line of thinking, of course, is all wrong. "The offender should be shamed."
The 6.99 acres at 1107 and 1123 N. Hayden Meadows Drive would host the building and 140,000 square feet of parking. According to Walmart spokespeople, the store would offer a full-service grocery department -- including a bakery, deli and fresh produce -- and a pharmacy. The store would be compact by Walmart standards and is smaller than the building currently on the site. Washington's Pacland and Portland-based TMT Development are leading development.
"Home Alone" will be from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Nov. 20. Children ages 9 to 11 will learn about entering and leaving the house safely, basic first aid, personal safety tips, fire and storm safety, answering the door and telephone, simple snacks and appropriate activities.
Late last week, police found Pratt's stolen SUV near 19th Avenue and Van Buren Street in Phoenix.
TRENTON — Republicans are shaking up their ticket in one of the most hotly contested legislative races in the state.
Sources say Bobcats turned to Houston and Cleveland for Gerald Wallace after Blazers talks broke down. Cleveland a no-go.
“But it’s time to move on. We tried, couldn’t reach an agreement.”
Edwards has denied knowing about nearly $1 million in secret payments provided by Baron and another wealthy donor, the 101-year-old heiress Rachel "Bunny" Mellon. He has pleaded not guilty to six criminal counts related to campaign finance violations.
Looking back: Shelburne? Why does that road sound so familiar?
2. First potential expansion: 256 beds (400 total)
Sullivan, too, noted that federal rules permit CPS to investigate suspicious applications if flagged for review and encouraged principals to step forward.
If this is how congressional Republicans think they're going to win the November elections, they might want to check their approval ratings. Americans are thoroughly sick of a Congress that would rather play political games than solve our country's problems.
True, his background's more politics than pedagogy. However, Mr. Sublette's broad experience in educational policy as a politician, a community volunteer and a parent nicely paves over that small pothole in his resume.
♣ 7 4 3
The gains were broad. All 10 industry groups in the Standard & Poor's
Enjoy ballroom dancing to the big band sounds of Frank Ray and The Smoothies every Wednesday from 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. Cost is $6 per person. Refreshments are served.
Several fingers went in on the purchase of an old decommissioned nunnery in a fringe (fringe: anagram of finger. Coincidence?) neighborhood. The building was carved up into apartments. Four of the fingers still live there, including Shana and her family. Her husband, Seb, is also a finger.
The film's supporting cast, especially Nicole Beharie as a co-worker Brandon attempts to strike up a relationship with, James Badge Dale as his boss and Lucy Walters as a wonderfully enigmatic woman glimpsed on a subway, have all risen to the occasion, but it is Mulligan and most especially Fassbender that give the film its power.
HEART OF THE HOME TOUR
Stanford isn’t exactly a road warrior. The Cardinal is 6-22 on the road in league games since 2008-09.
National Retail Properties, which invests in shopping centers, brought in $78.7 million, a 27.8 percent increase from the previous year.
People who saw his driver’s license looked at him as if he had two heads — and in a sense, he did.
Timothy Fleming was not in the vehicle at the time, but he surrendered at the Turner Police Department at 6 a.m. Friday.
Finally, we are committed to working with all stakeholders - not just a small, self-selected group - on future use of the land. Carroll believes we're pretending, but here's that commitment in writing. But first the occupiers must vacate our property and stop holding it hostage. You can't do good science when a few dozen untrained and uninvited guest are hanging around your (open air) laboratory.
Police theories: Police suspected foul play and long considered Page's husband, Rob, a suspect, though they never arrested him. Rob Page died in December.
Lake Harriet is one of the most beautiful of the Chain of Lakes, with the Roberts Bird Sanctuary, the Rose and Rock Gardens and nearly three miles of trails. Rental equipment available at Lake Street shops. The area is just a small part of the 50-mile Grand Rounds Scenic Byway, including the downtown waterfront, in-city Lake Calhoun, the Mississippi River and Minnehaha Falls. www.minneapolisparks.org/grandrounds.
Best Score - Motion Picture
More than 100 Lutherans streamed into the basement classroom at St. Paul's Lutheran Church in Des Peres Sunday for a Bible study called "Islam Through a Lutheran Lens."
In the backfield is the rock of the Rebel defense Jessica Bayens. A three-year varsity vet, the senior defender hasn't missed a game in her career.
The jury, which includes a welder, an auto-body worker, a nurse, a school administrator and a school social worker, got the case at 12:34 p.m. Tuesday after listening to closing arguments.
“All across our campuses there are additional examples of savings and cost efficiencies. And, I implore you, there need to be many more,” McCormick said.
Many of Maloney-Langmade's employees also worked for her father, several for 20 years or more. Her field superintendent has been with the company for 19 years, and his father also worked for the company.
Patricia Holloway of Milwaukie, a member of the Clackamas River Water Board, filed a complaint with the state and followed up after a Clackamas County circuit court judge ruled in late March to honor the late filings.
Oxford's 2011 Academic Performance Index of 989 out of 1,000 is the second highest of all high schools in the state.
Flip to Negro in the American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language and you discover the term refers to "a black person."
Cornelia Wallace, 69, who as first lady of Alabama threw herself over Gov. George C. Wallace after he was shot in an assassination attempt during the 1972 presidential campaign, died Thursday of cancer in Sebring, Fla.
In the fall of 2010, Bank of America along with other large lenders temporarily halted foreclosures after a furor over robo-signed documents.
"I'm hopeful. I hope and I pray that we can leave," Goldman told The Associated Press on Sunday.
The minimum age to draw full benefits would be set at 55; there is no minimum age now. Those on disability would get smaller checks, along with five years of college training for new jobs.
The Wounded Warrior Home Project is part of a $700 million development project at Fort Belvoir. Each prototype house costs about $600,000 to build; Clark Realty estimates the cost of future homes will decrease to about $500,000 through economies of scale and lessons learned.
Sue Roush, managing editor at the Universal UClick syndicate, said newspapers uncomfortable with the abortion law series have the option of a set of substitute strips.
 Junior League of Sacramento. Healthy Living will be the focus at the Family Fun Fest Carnivale from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. April 28 at Fairytale Town in William Land Park, Sacramento. A kids celebrity cook-off will be held featuring finalists from JL's Kids in the Kitchen community program. The fest will include food by local vendors, cooking demonstrations, fitness activities, musical performances, a marketplace and music by the Mixx. The goal is to educate the community on ways to live healthier while having fun. It's $10 for anyone over 13, $5 for those 3 through 12, free for ages 2 and under. Tickets will not be available at the door; purchase through www.jlsac.org..
SANTA ANA – A San Clemente man appeared in court Thursday on charges he raped and sexually assaulted a woman after luring her under the pretense of performing a "spiritual cleansing" using raw eggs.
"The crowds are going to come," Dame said. "That's a very good problem to have."
TWO 3-YEAR RARITAN TERMS
Prices for the Wi-Fi model in either black or white start at $499 for 16 gigabytes and go up to $699 for 64 gigabytes. The 4G models start at $629 for 16 gigabytes and go up to $829 for 64 gigabytes.
Former Cincinnati Reds shortstop Barry Larkin says he has told the story at Michigan a few times and "people loved it. But Bo hated it."
The project, officially known as the Trans-Hudson Express Tunnel, is scheduled to be completed by late 2018 and is designed to more than double rail capacity between New Jersey and New York, from 23 trains per hour during peak periods to 48 trains per hour.
The economy, even if it improved slightly in the July-September quarter, economists say, will likely remain weak for the rest of this year and next.
Oh, it should be more than that. . . .
"I won't miss those for anything," he said. "I was really sick one Thursday, but I couldn't miss my test so I came in. It's like a national holiday. You want to be here."
It will encourage a quantity-over-quality approach to teaching that adds no value whatsoever to student achievement.
This plot summary may sound silly, but I didn't mean to use it as a tool of ridicule. The problem with discussing the film is the problem with watching the film. It's all over the place -- two dysfunctional families, two betrayals, several transformations. Everything makes sense if you parse the plot, but the proceedings remain remote, notwithstanding Benoît Delhomme's vivid photography. The only one having any fun is Vera Farmiga as Oana, a Russian whore. "If you work with nature," Oana asks the professionally green Will, who resists her blandishments, "why are you against nature?" A non sequitur, perhaps, but welcome relief from overworked sequiturs.
"He tried to shoot at the driver but wasn't able to do it in time," Hestermann said. At least four other soldiers heard Sebban's warning and took cover, the captain said.
The North American profit came as GM's sales grew almost 3 percent in the region to 703,000 cars and truck. GM no longer needs to sell cars at a loss to keep its factories running, as it did before bankruptcy. Because it cut costs by closing factories and shedding workers, it can now break even when U.S. annual sales are a depressed 10.5 million. So far this year, sales are running at an annual rate of over 14 million.
Teresa, an introvert with a communications degree from Maryville University, was more than happy to handle bookkeeping and the office side of the business.
Finally, there's China. My readership in this spritely region of the world isn't as vocal as we'd all like, but Apple's doing gangbuster business there. So it's time for Mac OS to improve its support of China's unique quirks . . . both the country's linguistic ones and its political ones.
Though the science for these new tools is promising, the funding base is flat, despite large investments of stimulus dollars by the United States government. The United States deserves praise for financing the lion's share of both HIV treatment in Africa and HIV prevention research internationally. Other donor countries that are contributing to HIV treatment globally should also make simultaneous and significant investments in new prevention methods to ensure that their HIV costs won't rise indefinitely. Governments of developing countries can also play their part, first by instituting proven HIV prevention efforts while being accountable for results as measured by reductions in new infections. Second, they can demand the development of new HIV prevention tools as passionately as they have demanded universal access to HIV treatment.
“Historically, we have been around 5,000,” noted Westville Administrator William Bittner. The town has a population of 4,288, according to the 2010 census.
This needs to stop. We need to come to an understanding in our culture that asking for help isn't a sign of weakness, merely another method of growth.
WASHINGTON A presidential candidate no longer, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich departs the race for the White House as likely the most consequential and certainly the most interesting Republican of his time never to sit in the Oval Office.
While Wednesday's game with Maplewood was friendly, there was a purpose – to make the Tigers and Blue Devils the best teams possible at the end of the year.
Koschman had no criminal record.
Eldred, who founded companies such as Ariba Technologies and Inmac, has donated $1.1 million to Republican candidates since 2005, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics, and is now raising money for Perry's presidential bid.
Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald has raised the stakes in a clash with the county land bank board, announcing he will appoint two directors to replace two members the board voted to keep in March.
Adapted from Martha Stewart Living, January 2011
A separate election for 14,000 fleet workers begins Thursday and runs through Nov. 18. And flight attendants are voting until Nov. 3 on whether to join the Association of Flight Attendants.
Her fabrics call out to be touched, and she readily obliges, even as she sat recently talking at Neiman Marcus in Plaza Frontenac wearing one of her fall 2011 collection dresses of black silk embedded with a pink floral-motif that had the look of a lavish stencil.
113: Jeff Hayden, MH (28 wins, 4th county, state qualifier)
McLane grabbed him by the shoulder and just about yelled at him, "Don't leave. This is just starting."
Deputy Mayor Kirk Lewis, speaking to reporters after Bing's conference call, said some unions are unwilling to begin negotiations with the city. Lewis said significant savings must be achieved through layoffs and state-mandated work rule changes.
News on the economy wasn't as upbeat. Inventories held by wholesalers rose in May for a fifth straight month although sales dropped for the first time in more than a year. The government said wholesale inventories rose 0.5 percent and sales dropped 0.3 percent. It was the first drop since March 2009, when major stock indexes hit a 12-year low.
That Reagan-era rule "focused on restricting activities," Tidwell said.
Still, Chisholm plans to open up the job after the school year ends.
Joni James: He'd caucus with Republicans but be more open to bipartisan alliances — as he has been as governor — than most.
And some of the original dancers from "American Bandstand" took the floor for a tribute to Dick Clark.
(HGTV) House Hunters International -- A man decides to relocate to Coral Sea, Cairns. (CC)
STATUS: Introduced last year, Senate Bill 352 is currently in the Senate Government Operations Committee, which is chaired by Majority Leader Randy Richardville.
At the Pathmark in East Brunswick, shoppers combed the aisles for flashlights, batteries and enough food to get them through the storm. But some said all the talk of power outages and flooding was probably overblown.
Richard Hamilton added 19 points, Luol Deng scored 17 and Joakim Noah (12 points, 13 rebounds) had a double-double for Chicago.
Yes, there is a park, just a like in a real town. And this 9,000-square-foot patch is the project's centerpiece, with a hedge maze, a 25-foot-high tree house, pop-up fountains, a Tom Sawyer house, a mini replica of the center, storytelling stages and plenty of benches for visitors.
Special Event Coverage, KMOV, Dianne Casey, Ryan Stana
The MSD board voted June 29 to approve terms of the consent decree - a plan that's expected to more than double sewer bills here.
“What was I gonna do?” Umenyiora said with a laugh. “Be like, ‘No’?”
David Boren, Oklahoma's university president, made it known more than two weeks ago that his school was shopping for a possible new home for the second straight summer after entertaining thoughts of joining what would become the Pac-12 or the SEC.
In Congress, Gibbs serves on the House Agriculture Committee and its Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
"I drove and Thomas Robinson kind of bumped me a little bit, and I dribbled the ball off of my body," Dixon said, adding that he got turned and was momentarily "kind of disoriented."
My son is groomsman in a wedding this weekend. Both the bride and groom are Irish. It's in Boston, where all three live. The couple will be married on St. Patrick's Day.
"It's a park that very much grows on people as they go to it, until that day when they approach middle school," he said.
There are, of course, sibling rivalries. "I want to beat my brother's time," Avery McBride said. "It was 4:58 two years ago."
Harbaugh praised Reed’s coverage downfield -- he mentioned play-action passes in particular -- in the Ravens' 24-16 win and said he would leave Reed to answer any questions about tackling technique later this week.
At the association's meeting Tuesday night, members became angry over the board's "mismanagement" and "irresponsible" behavior, Hada said.
The first 911 call came in shortly after 1 p.m. Wednesday and disconnected just after the woman caller shouted, "Oh, my God!" Earlier police statements indicate that caller was Lisa Mederos.
On any normal day, the status of rehabilitating players Roy and Camby would be the focus -- Roy is a gametime decision and Camby says he is doubtful for Blazers' game against the Lakers tonight at the Rose Garden. But with the trade deadline looming and with the Blazers rumored to be active, that took center stage.
By the way, unless you're really looking for the tiny sign, you'd never know that Supeck Septic Services is housed in the shop next to the house of what once was the family farm. For the record, the grounds are about as pristine as that truck, and the shop itself is constructed to resemble the barns that dot the countryside.
Bynum, 24, had never had a triple-double in his seven-year NBA career, and it was only the second of the NBA's 19 triple-doubles this season to be accomplished including blocks.
Envisioned in the 1990s as a huge semiconductor manufacturing complex, only 83 acres of the property are being used to make chips, first by LSI Logic and since 2006 by ON Semiconductor.
This season, the Detroit Tigers carry a lot of hope onto the field. After the division championship of 2011, the vanquishing of the mighty Yankees in the playoffs and the acquisition of a new slugger to go with the
This new generation of melanoma vaccines target biomarkers specific to certain tumors, and do a better job of destroying just the tumor. "In the past, chemotherapy would just go in and destroy everything - healthy tissue along with the cancer - and now these medicines can search and destroy in a specific way," says Marmur. "These new drugs aren't perfect, but we've had some really tremendous results."
"We have to tell them not to grab the first offer," said Gulas. "There are more jobs than there are people."
My proposal of $1.1 billion for pensioners in this state reinforces my commitment to the security and financial future of all public workers. Stand with me on this commitment. Let us live up to our word. I implore you, fund this pension contribution this year.
A tentative deal for a new arena has fallen through, leaving open the possibility the team's owners could again try to move from California's capital.
Who’s more excited? The Ravens to get Upshaw, or Upshaw to play in that scheme.
I strongly support their legal challenge and sincerely hope the Supreme Court finds that the health care law fails the constitutional test.
The disclosure has been called one of the largest security breaches in U.S. history. Only Manning has been arrested.
"Saying that we are trying to authorize guns in bars is a complete misrepresentation," said Jeff Garvas of Ohioans for Concealed Carry. "We didn't go out and write a bill to say we need a bill that allows us to have a gun in bars. The whole purpose is to go to a restaurant which just happens to serve alcohol and not have to leave my gun in the car."
When two people raise a child, the hope is that the child will acquire the best qualities of both parents. As my husband and I are about as opposite as two people can be under the laws of attraction, our kids are going to grow up either highly skilled or totally confused.
Anderson’s June 26 death did not initially attract much media attention until a security camera recording was broadcast in August, sparking vigils and marches in Jackson.
For the Missouri Department of Revenue: a street guide that clearly distinguishes city limits from ZIP codes, which identify postal delivery areas, not municipal boundaries.
That has made shopping for the right coverage all the more challenging.
According to Elwell, the cost for the wage increases was $600 out of the total budget.
The result is that according to official statistics, "even high-tech products invented by U.S. companies will not increase U.S. exports," write Yuqing Xing and Neal Detert, two researchers at the Asian Development Bank Institute, a think tank in Tokyo, in their report.
In other trading, the Russell 2000 index of smaller companies fell 0.57, or 0.1 percent, to 633.18.
Jeremy Pelley, 31, grew up with Polaroid cameras around the house.
Gitan Bistro Cru takes its wine seriously, too. The list is both broad and refreshingly compact, with only a handful of selections in each category. A series of Sunday afternoon wine classes is now under way.
Francis is now keeping busy producing and recording rap under the hip-hop label Mazerati Music.
It completed the purchase for $1 from the county redevelopment commission. It must pay $1.2 million if it doesn't follow through with the project.
Folks often think "history" is what's back home, in the state they left when they came to Florida, but, as Chris suggests, tourist destinations (and we've long been one) have histories, too. So do write, when you have a minute, about the places in Central Florida that matter to you.
The city is expected to pay approximately $1.3 million in debt services and $50,000 for capital improvements throughout town.
High on Ellison
Union is using $425,000 in surplus to balance this year’s budget, down from $517,000 in 2011.
Twelve other New Jersey residents, including an alleged member of the Genovese organized crime family, are charged in the indictment.
As a result, Laura went from a tight size 18 to a loose size 10, "which I haven't been since I was 10." She credits her ongoing efforts for additional weight loss, but says the HCG plan gave her the jump-start she needed. She admits she hasn't been to a doctor in over a year and is going for a physical in early March. Her husband is concerned her cholesterol might be high. She's betting it's not.
A commission pet project during Homan’s tenure has been informing residents and tree companies about the dangers of “volcanoing mulch” onto the bottom of tree trunks.
That toll -- mostly surf scoters and white-winged scoters -- amounts to 5 percent to 7 percent of their overall numbers on the West Coast, she said.
Gates says she and her husband have worked hard trying to preserve the 125-year-old business. The couple's children are the fifth generation to have lived and worked the 309-acre seed farm.
Republican strategist Brian Nick said Obama will have a hard time convincing voters they should accept a poky recovery and an unemployment rate that has exceeded 8 percent for more than three years. "I think it's worse out there than maybe the administration realizes," Nick said. Many older Americans keep working when they'd rather retire, he said, and many others are so discouraged they have quit looking for jobs.
WASHINGTON - Dairy farmer Dave Buck feeds his calves at 6:30 in the morning and 6:30 in the evening. He wants them to grow healthy on his land in Goodhue, Minn., so they produce as much milk as possible.
Planetarium shows for younger children will be held Sunday at 11 a.m., noon and 1 p.m.
Week 6 is upon us in the NFL campaign, more than a third of the way through the season, and for the first time a New York team won't be featured in prime time.
In a cruel twist of fate, the season-ending injury follows the pattern of Rapinoe's twin sister, Pilots midfielder Megan Rapinoe, who also has torn the anterior cruciate ligament in her left knee twice. The first injury came midway through the 2006 season, and the second ACL tear came two weeks after Rachael's injury in 2007.
Steele, on the other hand, is a publicly vetted neutral party, well versed on the issues, ready to start and willing to go when that time comes.
Bob Braddock, project manager for Jordan cove, said he's not sure how DeFazio's bill would work, whether it would apply to a "dual use" facility, or how it would affect a pipeline that has already received the eminent domain authority. He said eminent domain was always a last resort.
On May 14, a sudden and catastrophic storm — a "microburst" — hit. Winds of 80 knots (about 90 miles per hour) lashed the ship, capsizing it almost immediately.
Hey, T.R.: With Charl Schwartzel winning the Masters and the U.S. Open coming up, do you think anyone stands a chance of winning more than one major this season? -- John Melody, Solon
Outdoor amenities of the sprawling and secluded property include an open patio, a two-vehicle carport and more than enough space to put in a pool or keep horses.
They cannot get through a training camp — much less a season — with Ronny Turiaf as the center. Great energy guy, competent backup, really cares about winning — but if he’s the starter again this season, they are probably kidding themselves. The only unrestricted free agent worth having is Sam Dalembert, but he’s probably out of their price range, so they’ll have to be imaginative.
That bill has an uphill fight because legislators are attached to township government. Some pols got their political starts there. Suburban political operations are built around townships, much like organizations are built around Chicago wards. And the townships have a vocal lobbying operation.
The port authority sells tax-exempt bonds to pay for $120 million in renovations to the complex, including bulldozing the 1010 Euclid building and constructing a six-story building it its place.
"The passes are not paid for with taxpayer funds and there is nothing new or unusual about it," spokesman Ryan O'Doherty said in an email.
"She's more Thai contemporary, and I'm more modern and trendy," Korkhieola says. "It's a good fit."
But Rochester, like Chicago, also is facing tough decisions amid mounting debt. The school district budget Brizard laid out this month included about $80 million in cuts, 1,000 layoffs and the loss of many popular school programs.
Cuisine: French/California
Harris found himself a bit south of home on Tuesday, competing in a loaded 100-meter dash during the Tiger Town Invitational at Festus, one of the bigger early-season meets. Despite coming in with one of the slower qualifying times, Harris won the event in 11.3 seconds, edging Poplar Bluff's Nick Patillo (11.33) and Camron Blanton of Fox (11.4).
The recall group has until Oct. 5 to gather 391 signatures and if successful, an election would be held within 30 days, possibly taking the recall effort into late October.
Gasol added 24 and 10 rebounds and Lamar Odom 19 points for the Lakers, who won Game 1 by 25 but needed 53 minutes to put away the Magic on Sunday.
Erickson-Neely's experience exemplifies the problems consumers face when they suspect a toy may be toxic: Most toys cause no ill effects. A few contain a single toxin, such as lead paint. But most contain many chemicals, and it is hard to pinpoint which - if any - is dangerous.
It is backed by the Georgia Right to Life organization and drafted by lawyers from the Bioethics Defense Fund, an anti-abortion, anti-stem-cell group.
By the way, next time you're in Southern California be sure to take in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences at 8949 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills.
Point guard Deron Williams (18 points, 10 assists) said that Jazz game was a bit of a turning point.
BETOW: When we were younger, in high school or college, there was a natural word of mouth: This is happening, that is happening. Once you get to our age group, there could be some great events going on around town and nobody knows about them.
Emmett McLoughlin came to Phoenix as a newly ordained Franciscan priest, and he became the city's leading advocate for the poor. He founded what was known for years as Phoenix Memorial Hospital, when other city hospitals would not take in Blacks and Mexicans. He eventually left the priesthood and became Phoenix's first housing director. He helped Phoenix apply for federal funds for its earliest housing projects.
"My husband Bill misses his 'little buddy' that used to watch all sports events with him. At school, A.J.'s friends tell me how much they miss him. His best friend, Ryan, has been in therapy and hurts to find a friend to play with and share his secrets with. He misses the love of his friend. Not a day goes by that I don't miss my little A.J."
Yet little about the rise of Hall and Oates was easy. By the time the two began their remarkable run of ’80s pop hits with "Kiss on My List" from the "Voices" album, they had been performing together for 10 years. They had already hit the top of the charts once — with "Rich Girl" in 1977 — and they had had another song, the soul ballad "She’s Gone," covered by R&B hitmakers Lou Rawls and Tavares. But they had had as many commercial misfires as successes. Stardom commensurate with their talents eluded them.
The government report, generated by the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics, "really proves that comprehensive sex education and available and accessible birth control are what's crucial in reducing the teen birthrate," said Jill Palajac, a nurse practitioner with Planned Parenthood Northeast Ohio.
According to ICE, the number of available beds for immigration detainees at the county jail on Doremus Avenue in Newark would increase from 500 to 800. The agency said it also expects to start using 450 beds at nearby Delaney Hall, which is privately run.
Would the Mayans have predicted the end of the world in 2012 if they’d known it would inspire not only “The Tree of Life’’ and “Melancholia’’ but an endless supply of more dreary depictions of end-times like this one?
An hour north of Avignon, in the Vaucluse, the ruins of Vaison-la-Romaine (www.vaison-la-romaine.com) are a trove of ancient history. The upper town sits high on the cliffs, but the modern town lies on the banks of the Ouveze River. Enter via the Roman bridge, built in the first century A.D., to find the remains of the Gallo-Roman city.
"That was my main focus when looking at all these schools, academics first," said Matey. "I'm only going to play football for four more years. I was also looking at Bucknell, Rhodes and Hamilton, but Hopkins was always my top choice."
"It is psychological. It's a matter of determination and will power."
Outfield addition
Huguely went to Love's apartment on the night of May 2, 2010, after a full day of drinking, to confront her about a North Carolina liaison, kicking in her bedroom door and setting a tone of aggression from the start, attorneys said.
The numbers are ugly. The Blazers, who led by 18 points early in the third quarter, just went to sleep offensively in the second half, when they scored 28 points, their low in any half this season ... by six.
Moreover, Boehner's grasp on the speakership could be weakened if he fails to pass the debt-ceiling plan that bears his name. Assuming no more than five Democrats support the measure -- the same number that backed a GOP balanced-budget bill last week -- Boehner can afford to lose no more than 28 of the House's 240 Republicans.
Buenos Aires Grill The throb of tango music, the sizzle of grilling meat, crowded tables groaning under the weight of portable barbecues loaded with short ribs, sausages and yards of skirt steak that drape over the grills' edges. The restaurant's parrilladas, or mixed-grill meals, are the attraction at this popular Argentinian spot. The parrilla completa includes skirt steak, bone-in short-rib slices, chicken legs and shrimp (easily sufficient for three). Argentines don't mind slightly chewy meat, because most of the flavorful cuts are the leanest and most exercised. They go for asado de tira, Angus short-ribs cut crosswise, or the entraña, Angus outside skirt steak.
In 1996, Congress passed legislation authorizing the construction of a King memorial on the bank of the Tidal Basin between the Jefferson and Lincoln memorials. Plans offer sweeping, symbolic views of the other monuments and landscape elements that convey three fundamental and recurring themes of King's life: justice, democracy and hope.
He noted that chronic, prolonged skin inflammation can potentially increase chances for squamous cell skin cancer, which is more aggressive than the most common skin cancer. But Mancini said it's unlikely computer use would lead to cancer since it's so easy to avoid prolonged close skin contact with laptops.
"From nat'l perspective — yes, probably not best issue for us," one Republican campaign strategist wrote in an email.
An FDA chemists later determined the eyedropper was filled with bleach.
The show will be broadcast on CBS at 8 p.m. The amiable LL Cool J will host. The rapper has never helmed the Grammys before, but he's a fine choice: He's congenial and quick-witted, he speaks with authority, and he can be very funny when he wants to be. Thankfully, that isn't always. He'll pick his spots shrewdly.
PALM BEACH, FLA. - With the start of the Rams' offseason program Monday, players will be back at Rams Park and the team begins the installation of its defense. Just how it will be installed remains to be seen following the indefinite suspension of coordinator Gregg Williams for his role in the "Bountygate" scandal.
Little, in a counter-claim, says the Pitts damaged his reputation by falsely telling congregants that he had raped Rhonda Pitt. He also claims emotional damage from letters Darrell Pitt sent him in 2010 that were filled with fiery, religious rhetoric such as "You broke her heart! Be prepared! Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord!"
Duda was always teeming with potential, something manager Terry Collins saw when he was just an oversized doubles hitter in the minors. He came to the team last year a lump of clay, molded by taking one at-bat after another.
The council also denied a recent appeal of the project's environmental impact report by an adjacent landowner concerned about a new traffic median that he thinks will affect some nearby businesses.
The Lotty Dotty t-shirts ($45) and hoodie ($100) are currently 50 percent off and they are unlike anything I have ever seen. The shirts are nicely constructed of a soft fabric and feature the figure of a girl on the front of the shirt. The figure is wearing a removable satin bow that can be replaced with outfits made from designer fabrications from places like the house of Chanel. It is a paper doll concept that is really quite in genius.
The vote: 16 yes, 16 no, 8 nonvoters.
Although Goldie and Kurt have been together for almost 30 years, she has previously said they have only considered marrying once, but the three children they raise together told them not to do it.
The final acts to play before the Fox closes its doors are Los Angeles garage band Best Coast and Nashville rock duo Jeff the Brotherhood, which will play Saturday, May 26.
Charlotte (26-36) lost its fourth in a row.
Port President Wayne Darbeau nonetheless travels almost monthly on port business. He took a plane to Santa Barbara in April at a cost of $445 even though a $56 train ride was good enough for Commissioner Lee Burdick, who attended the same meeting.
Albert's mixed messages
"After 20 years in office and a half dozen debates Bartlett cannot point to even one legislative accomplishment during his ten terms in office," said Brinkley spokesman Don Murphy.
Q: Were you surprised he became an All-Star this year?
Bell Studio Gallery, 1573 S. Pearl St.
There was no way Angelo Dundee was going to miss Muhammad Ali's 70th birthday party.
"It's already forgotten. I'm looking forward to Game 7, it's going to be in our home barn,'' Bergenheim said. "They won the battles, had more shots; our energy wasn't there for us today. I have no doubt we'll h have the energy for Game 7.
Three locations including 808 E. Washington St. (Thornton Park) in Orlando; 407-648-2777; dexwine.com
What to do
Key's press secretary, Kevin Taylor, said recent industry reviews have improved safety.
Regulators, however, could require Verizon to sell some of its 700-MHz airwaves as a contingency for approving the deals and could bar large participants such as AT&T from acquiring the spectrum.
Jeremiah Beck, station manager of WIBI-FM, a 50,000-watt CCM station based in Carlinville, Ill., said Christian stations tend not to go head to head. "We think of other Christian stations as partners or collaborators trying to spread the Gospel message," Beck said. "But we do want to compete within the demographic with secular radio stations."
"It shows we are serious about piercing the veil of bank secrecy," he said. "The whole game has changed."
That might include chartering a plane. But no matter how travelers get to their destination, Shah says, "we like to have them experience a city in its own way," meeting the locals, doing as the locals do (albeit while staying in five-star hotels).
Portman served as director of the Office of Management and Budget and U.S. trade representative in the George W. Bush administration.
"Charlie came out and said, I'm going with Bobby Witt,'" said Burba. "I was thinking, Where were you in the first inning?'"
"We get a dialogue going," he said.
FWilliams. DMarie.
"We had lawyers' bills and other missed bills," Snodgrass said, adding that $100,000 has been spent in a year. "I'm afraid we will run out of money and they will move us to another part of the facility where she will lose some of her freedom."
An Asian American woman from West Philadelphia had recently heard the name, found it offensive, and asked the owner to change it.
I peeled (when needed) and cut up everything except the asparagus, sauteed the leeks and parsnips with a touch of garlic and added a splash of white wine. Then I added the sunchokes, potato and leftover sprigs of thyme, and cooked it all in a light chicken broth - one of our pantry ingredients. I finished it with a splash of milk because it was there and a quick squeeze of lemon juice for brightness.
As for enigmatic heroes tailor-made to save the day, you can't get much better than Gray. Just Gray. Not his real name, of course, and he's not necessarily a sailor. Gray is looking for redemption, but there are miles to go, bodies to bury and memories to come to grips with before that happens.
On the day before the president-elect's inauguration, any mention of Obama guaranteed a chorus of fierce claps.
Tax renewal, 0.5 mills, 5 years, recreation
øFlorida coach Rhonda Faehn called the close loss "extremely painful and hard."
The Legislature met on Christie's orders today, hearing a short speech from the Republican governor in which he offered a compromise on a plan to tighten an annual cap on local property taxes.
"I nearly threw up at the computer," Roberts says.
Offutt and Groce first met three years earlier, when Groce was an assistant to Thad Matta at Ohio State and the Buckeyes were pursuing Offutt. Despite suffering a pair of ACL tears during his high school career in Indianapolis, Offutt remained on the Buckeyes' radar, and he arrived in Columbus about the time Groce departed for the job with the Bobcats.
"Go back and look at the tape," he said. "How many shots did he take?"
It was, she said, "mean to John." Perhaps that means it was actually fair.
But at 10-2 entering the Insight Bowl Dec. 28 against Iowa, a team that lost a number of games late, the victory looms as a pivot point of the season.
But—should the truth come out about the details surrounding Petrino’s motorcycle crash-and-dash—would it already be too late for him to save face with the University of Arkansas?
Academics, too, recently have taken indirect aim: The National Research Council concluded last week that there have been no reliable studies showing that capital punishment is a deterrent to homicide.
The attorney for a third defendant, Anthony Hayne, said his only information came from the affidavit.
While Bolton is limited in overturning a prior higher-court ruling, the Appeals Court could overturn its own ruling. And if the Appeals Court declines to do so, the U.S. Supreme Court could.
Christie, 48, has failed to win support from the Democratic-led Legislature for proposals to roll back a 9 percent benefit increase from 2001, raise the retirement age, increase worker payments into the system and freeze cost-of-living raises. Sweeney and Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver have introduced a competing plan that would also freeze automatic raises while allowing workers to keep the 2001 increase if they pay more.
Residents collecting $550 per week have little incentive to look for a job, Assembly Minority Leader Alex DeCroce told the Business and Industry Association. He said cutting benefits is one way to prop up the unemployment fund, which is now $1.7 billion in the red to the federal government.
“We’ve got to do everything we can to provide young children with a great education, and that starts with a quality preschool experience,” said PNC Regional President Paul Clark. “We’re bankers. We appreciate numbers... It’s really clear that for every dollar we invest, there’s a double-digit return on that investment over time.”
Inga and the 12 other students who attend Cal State Dominguez Hills, Northridge, Long Beach, San Bernardino and Sacramento State said they will also protest at a CSU Trustee meeting on May 8-9 in Long Beach if their demands are not met.
Another time, Bragan sent nine pinch-hitters to the plate during a single at-bat against the Los Angeles Angels, who were then playing in the Pacific Coast League.
As depicted in the video, the clinic manager advises that the underage girls could lie about their age to lessen the chance of triggering an investigation once they sought health services.
Asked whether he considers DeKemper a friend, Neidorff said: "No."
Here is the lineup that the Cardinals will have this afternoon:
In comparison to this year's 33.8 inches, Cleveland had 88.1 inches of snow by the end of February in 2002-03.
Arizona's education funding is among the lowest in the country, Schauer said, so schools are forced to look to voters for extra funds.
The health care issue before the Supreme Court speaks volumes about the need to mix law with common sense and logic. And, as an American citizen, I would be willing to pay for some broccoli for the old many down the street.
Hawkins turned Omar Vizquel's line drive into a game-ending double play for his first save with the Angels.
"I'm not usually the person to open up, and be crying or whatever," she says. Toward the end of filming, trainers Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels were pushing her to get in touch with her feelings. "And there was something deeper there," she says. "I found out that I wasn't really emotionally connecting. That was one of the core issues, and I didn't even realize it. Those last couple of months at the ranch, I was coming out of my shell, and I was able to break down my walls."
Were looking at a $15 million deficit next year, he said. Its not a proper thing to do at this time.
"This keeps us in the game. Without transportation infrastructure to get workers to your facility and your product out to market, you're dead in the water," Parsons said. "A University of Maryland study in 2004 predicted the ICC would bring billions of dollars of benefits to users of the road over 20 years, create thousands of new jobs and strengthen BWI. That's a pretty good return on a $2.5 billion investment."
"Heyman was unflinchingly optimistic about the Smithsonian's ability to be a force for knowledge and inspiration in our society," current Smithsonian Secretary Wayne Clough said in a statement. He said Heyman's signature program was a celebration of the Smithsonian's 150th anniversary in 1996 with a major traveling exhibit, "America's Smithsonian."
When, in the spring of 2000, I became aware of a tall ship that would take me from Charleston, S.C., to Baltimore as part of the crew, I signed on immediately and had the time of my life.
In addition, Cunningham Kitchen, a new restaurant operated by Bagby Restaurant Group, will lease a portion of the lower level and part of the first floor. The so-called farm-to-kitchen American steakhouse will offer lunch and dinner menus.
The best of the main courses is the whole fish that's either grilled or roasted in the wood oven. The petrale sole ($42) is about 1 1/4 pounds and is rubbed with salt and pepper and then put in the hot oven so the outside forms a crust, sealing in the moisture. The waiter then brings out the whole fish before taking it away to remove the bones, if requested.
Tours are free but must be arranged in advance by calling Love at (808) 323-2417 or emailing him at ken@mycoffee.net. Check out his website at www.hawaiifruit.net.
The director of a new Pentagon office created to review energy proposals cites statistics: Of the 249 projects flagged for "mission concerns" by the Defense Department's siting clearinghouse, director David Belote says, 240 have now been resolved.
And passage is far from assured. Several city leaders have argued against the bills.
To the west of the red line is the old beach community, the area called "the Village," with its funky stores and doughnut shops. The land of surfers and suburban commuters taking the Coaster to San Diego.
The company has also pledged to reserve 70 percent of jobs on the boat and in the company's Memphis headquarters for local residents as part of a deal with Memphis Mayor A C Wharton Jr., who helped secure a $10 million loan from the city and $15.5 million in private investment for the venture, said Krida. The boat is expected have an economic impact worth tens of millions of dollars in Memphis alone.
"Immortals" builds to a spectacular climax and is at its glorious best when the swords start clashing, the blood starts flying and the gods in their luminous battle armor drop from the heavens in a slow-motion showdown with the Titans.
J.R. Martinez, the most recent champion on “Dancing With the Stars,” has a new lady in his life: a baby daughter, born Wednesday night in L.A. to him and girlfriend Diana Gonzalez-Jones.
459 Summit Tree Ct, $187,000
5032 Tholozan Av, $141,500
In addition, several foreign filmmakers are coming for the festival, such as Sofia Carrillo, the Mexican director of "Prita Noire." Her film is part of the International Animated Shorts program.
"That had to be the worst," she said. "This little thing, taken like that by her father, the person she loved and looked up to. It was awful."
"The original Parkway booths are all built into the plaza structure, so when they come down, they knock them down like they’re knocking down a building," Feeney said.
Their linguistic bridge was Zhang Mo, the director's 28-year-old-daughter and aide de camp, who speaks Mandarin and English fluently and was a frequent presence on set.
Hey, Paul: I've heard the pricetag to move up for Luck would be a minimum of three No. 1s, with one this year in the top 10. If the Browns did that, they would have to certainly use their remaining early picks on a receiver and offensive lineman. They also would have to be more aggressive in free agency than they were in 2010. You'd have to say other positions of need would be running back, and depth everywhere else.
Advertisements will be placed on TV, radio and billboards in an effort to involve the city, and Newark residents will be able to submit thoughts through a website, www.PENewark.org, or by texting "PEN" to 56333. Among the sites for canvassers to visit will be homeless shelters.
Proposals advanced by the Little Hoover Commission include more public-private partnerships, such as toll roads and water projects. Others involve dramatically overhauling public pensions, giving the state water agency more control over spot-market buying of electricity, and launching an independent review of prison sentences.
The designer did for herself what she does for her clients: create inviting, comfortable interiors, lush with color and fabric, that capitalize on what already is there.
Portland defender Lovel Palmer appeared to hurt his right wrist and went to the sidelines in the 77th minute, but returned to the match.
"We will need space in order to continue our development model, and for that space to be online in time, we need to start building it this next year," said Bill Holt, an Intel vice president and manager of its technology and manufacturing group.
"She made melodic songs before she even said words," Cannon sasid. " 'Oohs' and 'aahs' before she was talking."
What all three two-term presidents understood was that geography, diversity and balance aren't nearly as important as basic competence (although Mr. Cheney had the added advantage of heading the vice-presidential selection process for Mr. Bush). Bad choices are the ones who now seem impossible to have ever imagined occupying the Oval Office. President Spiro Agnew? President John Edwards? President Jack Kemp?
 We weren't asked, but we chimed in: We'd like to take the rest of that chop with us.
"When the races were on, everybody that watched the West saw this coming around (Game) 65, 66," Hitchcock said, referring to the games when Los Angeles began an 11-4-1 run through March. "We all saw this coming, so it's not surprising. They're a really mature, veteran group back there, and they've got a great goalie. Nothing is easy. It's very difficult."
An invitation – addressed, stamped, sealed and delivered by mail – is the first link that binds together a wedding celebration.
Do these jeans make my butt look big?
But the administration has been wrestling with how to set standards for the exchanges to protect consumers without saddling states, insurers and businesses with crippling new regulations.
2005: Damion Hoover, Booth, Shadow's "Topdog/Underdog"
They won 72 of 82 games with cutthroat precision, and are the standard of greatness in the NBA, just like the 1972 Dolphins in the NFL.
The victim’s brachial artery was punctured, and he was "bleeding profusely from the arm" when he was taken to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick, where he underwent surgery, according to police.
As to what we should say and do with our freedoms, our efforts must respect and include all of humanity (even the “bad” people), all living things and our environment. They must include sharing — including your name.
Art history is often presented with various kinds of puzzles, including how to reconcile what an artist has said about a work when its visual evidence suggests the opposite. The great "Vanitas I" by Georges Braque, at the Kreeger Museum in Washington, is a classic example.
Sierra Hull (Rounder)
Another measure would slash from $420 to $50 the annual cap on gifts that the two pension funds' board members or staff can accept from business partners or potential ones.
PLAINSBORO — A veteran Bergen County school board member is the new president of the New Jersey School Boards Association.
A tree-covered pedestrian crossing sign along Mayfield Road near East 124th Street can turn a curb-to-curb journey into a "Mamma, mia" moment. Tires screech every day as drivers slam on their brakes to avoid hitting people in the crosswalk, reports Road Rant lookout Matteo Silvaggio, who owns a wine store at the intersection.
6. How many movies do you go out and see in a year?
One identifies a previously invisible Greater Cleveland Rapid Transit Authority stop. The other now pinpoints the start of the no parking zone where White left his car. (He parked near a third sign that pointed out the end of the no parking zone.)
Commins said the 32-member department, including its chief, has had no new hires since 2003.
On Tuesday, the FDA said it had sent warning letters to 1-800-GET-THIN and eight affiliated surgery centers, saying the ads, which promise patients a chance to "let your new life begin," must do a better job describing the risks associated with Lap-Band surgery.
Gammella and other union officials have argued that outsourcing all of Ford's engine-block castings is dangerous for the company because the automaker wouldn't have control over quality or pricing.
Washington ran into trouble at another awards show in January, the Golden Globes. He used the epithet during a backstage interview while denying he'd used it previously against castmate T.R. Knight.
He added that he had no inkling as to whether the film would catch on commercially — it is a wartime movie with heavy doses of a foreign language — either in China or abroad. "I'm terrible at predicting box office," he said. "I thought 'Titanic' was going to bomb."
Facade's celebrity clients included President Bill Clinton, Vice President Al Gore and his wife, Tipper Gore, Sally Jessy Raphael and singer Patti LaBelle, according to Scheer.
The Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission on Thursday hired a South Dakota-based manufacturer to replace two 23-year-old auxiliary scoreboards in the Metrodome with LED-display boards.
"He's got youth and energy to pull this off," Wood Wortman says.
At Aria, the biggest hotel at recently opened CityCenter, guests have their choice of three large whirlpools and three even larger pools. The cabanas include 42-inch LCD TVs and iPod docks. There's also Liquid, an adults-only venue with dipping pools featuring underwater speakers; (866) 359-7757, http://www.arialasvegas.com.
"We were close, like 23 seconds close," Swanson said. "It was a heartbreaker when they scored. Since then, we've just been working, working, working to get ourselves better. Personally, I was pretty upset. That (loss) has done a lot to motivate me."
“The doctors will be glad when they put you under,” his wife, Maureen, scolds.
Flake or fascist? Genius or selfish narcissist? Or, simply, as Stein herself might say: "Collaborator is a collaborator is a collaborator is a collaborator."
(C) 2001
Louis B. Murray becomes Serge, disarmingly open and eager to share his beloved acquisition before registering disappointed shock at Marc's reaction. Ensemble player Murray lends an intriguing rhythm to the dialogue interplay and provides sharp comedy in monologues and exchanges.
It's time that we purge our city of the incompetency, on April 3, by not electing any current official to a mayoral or supplementary aldermanic term. We can rid ourselves of the other half next year.
Hours: 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, 11 a.m.- midnight Friday and Saturday. (Hours reflect when the kitchen closes. The bar remains open later, depending on how busy it is.)
Corrections officials say structural changes alone won't deter misbehavior.
“We have to realize that we can’t take any plays off,’’ he said, “And that everything’s important.’’
"Losing Libya is difficult but manageable" for the markets, says William O'Grady, chief investment strategist at Confluence Investment Management in Webster Groves. "If we lose another major OPEC producer like Algeria, it gets more difficult. If the violence spreads to the Arabian Peninsula, then all bets are off."
Williams, 61, said it had been a privilege to serve as head of a communion that includes the Episcopal Church in the United States, but he had decided to take up a position as master of Magdalene College at Cambridge University, a return to the world of academia in which many said the bookish cleric has always felt most at home.
He was a straight-arrow kid who tagged along on local patrols flashing a sewn-on police badge, and became the kind of cop who was always the street, just talking to people.
Details are beginning to emerge about the victims of the presumed serial killer. One of them was a sex offender who was close to his mother, the other an unassuming loner, and the third – Smit – was a kind of free-spirited family man who had places to stay, but apparently felt most at home on the streets.
She came to the United States as a young girl with her Mexican parents. All had visas. But as with so many illegal immigrants, they overstayed their papers.
Later on Showtime, junior lightweight Diego Magdaleno (19-0, 7 KOs) faces Alejandro Perez (15-2-1, 10 KOs) in Las Vegas at 11 p.m.
At 6-foot-3, 230 pounds, Vanecko had been the biggest man involved in the early-morning confrontation on April 25, 2004, records show.
Monday was the first day of trading since the company that owns the Nasdaq exchange admitted Saturday it had been hacked late last year. The problem did not affect any trades, the company said.
Under the two Klamath Basin agreements, four PacifiCorp dams on the Klamath River could fall, salmon could reclaim 350 miles of a legendary salmon run, tribes could see fishing grounds restored and Oregon farmers could get guaranteed water supplies.
The Rock
I've made it a goal to do one big snowboard trip each year. As my friend, Jen, and I kicked ideas on spots to check out, we decided to stay away from major ski resorts like Mammoth, Lake Tahoe and Aspen.
Several months ago the family moved from the west side of Phoenix to a neighborhood just blocks away from where Jonathan was shot.
ATTEMPTED BURGLARY, RIECHERT ROAD: Someone tried unsuccessfully to break into a house April 27. A door and door frame were damaged.
From U.S. 1, on the mainland, it's a sharp left (west) to U.S. 41, the Tamiami Trail, and a delightful straightaway into the Everglades and Big Cypress National Preserve. This time, instead of riding over the sea we had the sense of riding over a sea of swamp grass, bounded at great lengths by canals off the edges of the highway.
Enjoy gourmet food, a fashion show featuring the wonderful looks from Wilkes Bashford, exciting live and silent auctions, and raffle prizes.
The get-back-at-the-rich meme isn't aimed just at the president's fringe-left base. It's also an appeal to the baser instincts of what he believes to be a much greater number of Americans. Obama is betting one of the seven deadly sins can get him re-elected.
17145 NW Meadow Grass Dr; 1,808 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $236,000
Officially, Comparato says he's delighted to finally be on the air in his own market and is confident that the KSMO experiment will lead to its own channel for Kansas City.
The SEC faulted a provision that would exempt from certain reporting requirements securities that stem from "crowd-funded" investment pools. A crowd-funded pool often is generated through social media and other Internet sites to obtain typically small amounts of money from a wide variety of investors.
Romney has been the party's presumptive nominee since his closest rival, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, dropped out of the race earlier this month.
Yes, they lost to an excellent team and should be rewarded for playing LSU and not, say, Sacramento State. But the Ducks didn't look like a top 10 team, and they're not - at least on my ballot.
At all three prisons, inmates had unsupervised access to secure areas.
It is not clear why the agency's Baltimore office temporarily removed the 2010-2011 credit, given that Hager would have satisfied both the six-month and the July 1 residency requirements. Young said his understanding is that "someone at the city office made the judgment to remove it" and that Hager was given 30 days to respond. Unless the Hagers move back into the house by July 1, they will lose the homestead credit for the coming tax year.
Road warriors -- especially if they use one airline most of the time -- might be overjoyed to receive an annual membership in that line's airport lounge club program. At $300 to $500 a year, direct from each airline.
"I thought the meetings were frank, they were constructive, and what they did was narrow the issues and clarify the issues that are still outstanding," Obama said. "I remain confident that if we're serious about getting something done, we should be able to complete a deal and get it passed and avert a shutdown. But it's going to require a sufficient sense of urgency from all parties involved."
In Rhode Island, Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse noted that Occupy activists encouraged customers to fight back recently against fees imposed by major banks -- a fight that ended with Bank of America and its competitors backing down. Whitehouse is trying to channel the anger that has bubbled up in the Occupy movement against big banks as he seeks support for a bill to crack down on credit card interest rates.
"It's not working the way it should," Carpenter said. "I want it to work."
Except when it came to Diego Boneta, the aspiring rocker pressured into joining a boy band at the behest of his manager (Giamatti). Leather was turned primary for Boneta's ridiculous look as a member of the boy band Z-guyeez. "Those were my favorite costumes," said Ryack. "The color-block stuff was so funny and so in opposition to real rock clothes."
RE: Here's the …
Republicans said the bill is only a framework for JobsOhio. A second bill will be drafted in about six months to refine the plan.
He closed the Gore store in 1969. He closed the Big Bend store in 1992 when many employers began requiring employees to get their prescriptions via the mail or at chain pharmacies.
“I heard that there was a stage version of ‘The 39 Steps’ playing in London,” says Shanahan. “I said to my wife, ‘We’re going!’ ”
Luke said people often use the word "inspirational" to describe his younger brother, but the 22-year-old said that that word doesn't describe what Ethan has accomplished.
Like my mother, they are strong, smart, they use birth control -- and they vote.
The weeklong event, which concludes Saturday with the Jersey City Green Fair, the third annual Sustainable Cities Conference, and a seminar on how small businesses can use social media, includes more than 25 free and pay events.
And Abramcyk, the Beatrice Inn’s last proprietor, sounds genuinely elated: “I’m relieved and excited and very encouraged that they’ll do a great job,” he says.
Investors would rather not imagine life without the Oracle of Omaha, who is 81 and said last month that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer. And he has no plans to leave the post soon. When the day comes, people who have studied the company say, Berkshire without Buffett will probably look a lot like Berkshire with Buffett.
The deal gave Dean two dairy processing plants in Wisconsin, and left many school districts with only one milk supplier, according to the lawsuit. Dean gained 57 percent market share in parts of Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin through the deal.
Joe Panik, their best hitter, grounded to first with a runner on base to end it.
Synthes was eager to expand its sales to the hundreds of thousands of Americans, many elderly, who suffer spine fractures each year. But the process of getting FDA approval for clinical trials is famously slow and expensive.
"The new police facility and the new Westminster Chamber of Commerce building, those two buildings were paid by RDA funding," Ta said. "We tried to provide the best tools and equipment for our law enforcement. The new Westminster Chamber building really benefits the business community."
Odester Saunders with the Dred Scott Heritage Foundation said the group hopes to raise about $250,000 for the life-sized sculpture.
1:51 p.m. UPDATED with confirmation from Umenyiora's agent.
Some law enforcement agencies will make training available to officers and consider their work done. Others, stung by especially wide racial disparities in traffic stops, will argue that the data - when focused on specific communities rather than statewide - can be misleading. Criminologists agree with this criticism, and for years have made proposals to make the data more useful and specific. But nothing happens. No one has taken steps to fix the flaws and learn the truth.
The GFWC Washington Township Volunteer Women’s Organization is sponsoring a Ladies Day Out on Saturday, April 28 from noon to 4 p.m. at the Washington Township Senior Center, 315 Greentree Road, Sewell. Admission fee is $5. The event will feature 25 vendors, wine tasting, food sampling, basket auction and more. A signed regulation helmet from the Philadelphia Eagles will also be raffled off. For information, call 856-582-8672. The funds raised will support the charities supported by the club.
That would seem a tall order in Beethoven's Symphony No. 4, which Bell and the Academy will play here, along with the composer's "Coriolan" Overture and the Violin Concerto, with Bell as soloist.
TENG BIAO, human rights lawyer and Chen's friend, in a phone call to the activist urging him to leave:
DiVincenzo said the bills would benefit his county, and that he has done the same thing under different legislative leaders.
4715 NE 73rd Ave ; 1,506 square feet; $207,000
LARGO — Emily Lester was just 14 when she learned about life's fragility.
The bus driver, Wei Wang, 50, of Forest Hills, N.Y., was hurled 15 feet through the windshield after the second collision and was pronounced dead at the scene, State Police said. A passenger, Troy Nguyen, 20, of Royersford, Pa., was found dangling from a window near the back of the bus. He later died of head injuries.
"He'll see," he said. "That's all I can tell you."
A look at past rulings shows Christie may have good reason to be nervous — the court has historically forced the state to spend more on schools.
Garrigan said yesterday, in a vehement tone, "From what he (Alba) said, it supports our argument that there was insufficient evidence to there being a quid pro quo," which was required, Garrigan said, for Elwell to have committed bribery.
Although the U.S. economy grew 2.6 percent in the third quarter, the job market still stinks. National unemployment is inching back towards double-digit territory and there is little hope that we will return to pre-recession levels anytime soon.
JEFFERSON — A Jefferson Township man was injured by either tree limbs or a tree falling in his back yard Saturday, said Lt. Sean Conrad of Jefferson police.
The duo were a bit flustered the situation throwing their hands up in the air. They continued with their song "Emmylou" a tribute to their favorite musicians and duets, Klara said.
A few years back, my husband and I emerged from the subway in Paris, disoriented and desperate. Suitcases in tow, we were studying a map, trying to figure out how to get to a rental-car agency, when a woman stopped and asked in broken English if she could help.
"Is gold the next bubble?" asks Bill DiRocco, a golf company manager in Overland Park, Kan., who shifted 10 percent of his portfolio earlier this year into an investment fund that tracks the price of gold. He stopped buying because the price kept rising.
Before I get into the optimists' arguments, let me give you my evidence for gloom. When it comes to initial public offerings of stock, the nation has fallen into a massive hole, and not just in the technology sector. From a peak of 554 IPOs in 2007, we dropped to 118 last year, according to Renaissance Capital. So far there have been only 37 IPOs through Aug. 13 — and none in Silicon Valley, with the closest being San Francisco-based OpenTable's debut — compared with 108 at this point last year. Having a healthy IPO market is considered a vital ingredient to keeping the valley's innovation economy humming.
Hoyer responded quickly and calmly after Pelosi's letter was made public.
THE LITTLE TRAITOR
A church in Akron refused to sell its 100 shares of Goodyear stock even though it needed $150,000 to buy a new roof. High school students started a stock-buying campaign and wrote letters to Congress and to Merrill Lynch. The Ohio Machine & Mold Co. withdrew $130,000 it had invested with the local Merrill Lynch office, owner John Hagerman wrote, because of "your company's effort to assist Sir James Goldsmith in his attempted takeover of the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.," according to the Beacon Journal.
"I love to score," Thomas said. "I mean, high school coaches had the ball in my hands 110 percent of the time. That's what I do."
Susan Kuczmarski, author of books about parenting and families and the mother of three sons, says, "All parents must go to the plane bathroom and use either the top of the sink area, or a less favorable location, the top of the toilet with seat down, of course. While this is not easy, nor optimal, it is the only spot on the airplane that is acceptable."
Looking at the state’s students as a whole, the scores showed a downward trend in the passing rate in language arts across the younger grades, between 2009 and 2010, along with a .5 percent increase in passing for eighth-graders, and a 3.5 percent increase for 11th-graders.
scored three goals in the first 30 minutes, but those goals were the result of defensive breakdowns. Brown's second-half performance - four saves - helped prevent the score from being worse than 3-1.
Goodbye First Love
The Flourneys’ deaths marked Maplewood’s first homicides since 2010, and, Cimino said, while the township is rarely home to violent crime, officials felt the need to reassure the public.
The breakthrough will allow GE to produce even larger wattage LED light bulbs, said Briggs.
BEIJING - U.S. and Chinese officials are ironing out a deal to secure American asylum for a blind Chinese legal activist who fled house arrest, with an agreement likely before Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives this week, a U.S. rights campaigner said Monday.
A national civil rights group is calling on a Pontiac charter school to reinstate a teacher who said she was fired for helping students organize a fund-raiser to benefit the family of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin.
The sheer scope of the ad effort — $25 million in one month in the battlegrounds of Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Nevada, New Hampshire, Iowa, North Carolina, Florida and Colorado — illustrates the huge advantage the incumbent Democrat has over Romney. Obama is tapping into a campaign bank account of more than $100 million to pay for his big opening salvo in the TV ad wars while Romney scurries to catch up after a costly and contentious primary season. The presumptive GOP nominee is relying on outside groups — like the pro-Romney Restore Our Future political action committee — to keep him competitive on the air against Obama’s behemoth campaign.
"I have this fantasy," he told Daily Variety in 2003, "that once a year St. Peter appears before God and they go over the list of people that they're ready to take and my name comes up. God says, 'Is he still doing that work with the kids? Ah, let him stick around a little longer.' "
In most Muslim-majority countries, Eid al-Fitr lasts a few days and virtually consumes society.
St. Francis Prep 11, St. Edmund Prep 0: Justin Teitalbaum pitched five shutout innings, giving up just three hits and striking out six for St. Francis (6-3). Taylor Eberhardt pitched two perfect innings of relief. Taso Stathopoulos started the Terriers barrage with a second-inning double that opened the floodgates. St. Edmund is 1-9.
--Nick Daschel
"This election will be dominated by the economy and jobs, deficit spending, the Affordable Care Act and, to a lesser extent, energy in my opinion," said Rove, a Colorado native.
Even two groups of star-struck high school girls who attended Friday's proceedings kept their distance.
"To say this has nothing to do with abortions is not being truthful,’’ Tasy said. "Planned Parenthood counsels for abortions. Three of its clinics perform abortions."
It's a simple tradition, and it does a lot to minimize holiday stress. We provide the birds, and everyone else brings a side dish.
It was an amazing show. But the VIP seats were down below.
Cruz has come a long way since his three-touchdown performance against the Jets in a 2010 preseason game. The former undrafted free agent has broken the Giants’ single-season record with 1,358 yards, established a new record with his 99-yard touchdown against the Jets and was considered by many to have been snubbed when he was left off the Pro Bowl roster last week.
Along with depth, the Rams are plenty talented.
"Using that for effect is what really riled people up," he said.
The minister also noted that Turkey had not had enough cooperation from Iraq in its efforts to detain supporters of the Kurdish rebel group PKK, which carries out attacks inside Turkey from bases in northern Iraq.
A major Yahoo shareholder who exposed the misrepresentation Thursday is now leading the charge to oust Thompson for unethical conduct. In a Friday letter, activist hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb demanded that Yahoo's board fire Thompson by noon ET Monday or face possible legal action.
Misconception No. 1: Table salt is the source of most of the sodium in our diets. Wrong-o; it’s processed foods.
"He's got big-play ability," coach Mark Dantonio said of Adams. "He's a guy we can flip around a little bit. We'll see how that transpires when we get everybody in here."
119 Hutchinson Rd, $66,500
Some of us have been blessed enough to have product lines, and that includes Claudine Hellmuth and her new Studio line through Ranger Industries.
1137 Surrey Hills Dr, $165,000
She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard James Tompkins of High Ridge, formerly of Webster Groves. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Bill Ray and the late Mr. Thomas Smith Doty Jr. of Jackson, Miss.
Owen Daniels made a gorgeous one-handed grab for a first down. Kevin Walter, a former Bengal, who had more receptions Sunday than in the last four games combined, made a huge 19-yard catch to move the Texans into Bengals territory.
''We are trying to drop the over­ crowding there to address the judge's concerns," U.S Marshal James Plousis said.
"I'd like to say I was courageous, but honestly it was terrifying," Booker said. He said he feared he wasn't going to make it out alive, and called it a "come to Jesus moment."
Or, a goal-line statue of liberty.
Drop down to the comments section to post your predictions and join the discussion. And don't miss predictions from The Star-Ledger's sports department.
Twelve people have been announced as the 2011 winners of the Lindbergh Leader Award.
Hey, Jay: I don't see Thompson jumping into the rotation barring injuries. Alonzo Gee does supply some athleticism and they are even starting to run a few plays for him to see if they can develop his offensive skills as Casspi's struggles continue.
• At the very least, Berman wrote, Chandler looked better than he did in Game 1: "Tyson Chandler’s flu became the least of the Knicks’ problems... Chandler attended yesterday’s shootaround and said he was feeling better, though hardly 100 percent, and started in last night’s 104-94 Game 2 loss to the Heat, overshadowed by Amar’e Stoudemire’s punch of a fire extinguisher after the game... Chandler finished with 13 points on 6 of 8 shooting with seven rebounds. Even during pre-game introductions, it was clear he felt better, as he chest-bumped all his mates."
The ads by the Chamber of Commerce don't necessarily represent the views of all chamber members, either. Still, Ohio has some major companies -- Procter & Gamble, Kroger, Macy's, Goodyear Tire and Rubber, Eaton Corp. -- that support foreign trade or other policies not always embraced by Brown. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is considered a partner with big business when it comes to Washington lobbying.
Frances Keys died in 1963, her husband in 1969. The federal government owns all of the land now, except one-tenth of an acre. Its the family cemetery.
Please sign up your team, register your project, or check on projects available now, so that we can all plan to cover as much of Pacifica as possible. For small (or large groups) register now by calling 355-1668.
Donations may be brought inside the Mountainside Library during open hours from Saturday, April 21 through Wednesday, April 25. Donations of books, DVDs and CDs, as well as puzzles and video games, including X-Box, Wii, Playstation and other gaming stations will be accepted. Donated items should be clean, usable and in good condition. No textbooks, magazines, encyclopedias or outdated materials.
Forty years ago today, black-and-white photographs of slaughtered women, children and old men in a Vietnamese village shocked the world -- or that portion of the world willing to believe American soldiers could gun down unarmed peasants and leave them to die in streets and ditches.
SATURDAY: Slater's 50/50, though, is open to the public right now -- and they have been spotlighting the beers of numerous CBC attendees. Today, it's the beers of Deschutes and a live band; there's probably still brews available from the other featured breweries: Hangar 24, New Belgium, Mission, Cismontane, Ommegang, Green Flash and -- really -- Stone.
Once given clearances, any concerns falling under the cyber-threat intelligence category that are exchanged between the government and private party would be “considered proprietary information” not to be divulged beyond the two parties without approval.
ST. LOUIS — Speculation that Gov. Chris Christie is considering a run for president got a boost of legitimacy yesterday from one of his political mentors, fueling an already frenzied guessing game.
Bryce Canyon is not really a canyon. "Real" canyons are valleys created by flowing water, and they're usually V-shaped, formed by two walls, ranger Jan Stock said. Instead, Bryce is a series of horseshoe-shaped amphitheaters that sit where a huge lake was 50 million years ago.
Most importantly, he said, you need something that gives you the strength to walk all day and spend nights alone in a mobile home parked in the middle of a desert: a powerful, invigorating reason.
In a road-rage incident where a driver flashes a gun, "it basically comes down to public safety," he said. "The best way to resolve that is not to be there."
But her in-laws praise her as a good mother to James.
Abraham's leadership and God's relationship with Abraham has ended.
On a larger scale, the company noted its preference for deals involving heavyweight institutions - such as the Blackstone Group, which formed a $1.4 billion joint venture with DDR last month to buy 46 shopping centers. The deal maintains DDR's role leasing and managing the properties. Blackstone will own 95 percent of the joint venture, but DDR negotiated for the first right to buy 10 of the properties under certain, undisclosed circumstances.
The premium increases aren't a sign that all prices are about to soar. Waves of rate hikes and consolidation have hit the industry in the past, said Anne Tumlinson, senior vice president for long-term care at the private research firm Avalere Health.
Here are 10 of our favorite Valley home ideas from 2011.
That is something his coach believes he can accomplish. With a little bit of continued hard work, of course.
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie has become more popular with New Jersey voters after leading the state through Hurricane Irene and declining to run for president despite calls from powerful Republicans, according to a newly released Rutgers-Eagleton poll.
If one person's experiences were enough to prove that healthy habits ensure a long and vigorous life, Hempel would be the toast of the medical community. Through a mix of wise choices, natural inclination and random chance, she seems to have followed just about every bit of standard advice on living to a healthy old age -- and has achieved impressive results. Of course anecdotal evidence only goes so far, and not everybody is equally lucky. But to some extent, Hempel has created her own luck.
Josh Skenes, executive chef/owner of San Francisco's Saison, spent much of last year overseeing the restaurant's renovation, and he and the staff are settling in. "We're now cooking by these very esoteric principles," he says. "We have this 'purity principle' with food now that's involved in this whole little 'Saison ecosystem' of ours."
A heavy weight for such young shoulders.
Juan Adorno is out for the year, coach Tom Covotsos said as the senior is having surgery to repair torn labrums in each thigh. Adorno, who went 5-1 with a 1.97 ERA last year, began feeling discomfort during the preseason and the pain only intensified.
As I discuss in my book, "Safe Food," I was a member of the FDA's Food Advisory Committee when the agency approved production of the first GM tomato in 1994. As we learned later, the FDA was not asking our opinion. It was using us to gather reactions to decisions already made.
Until now, the medical community has been able to see the plaque associated with Alzheimer's only via autopsies after patients' deaths.
And now Smith, who played for the Timberwolves and Clippers prior to the Blazers, heads into the offseason as an unrestricted free agent.
"Home-schooled kids want prom for the same reasons that high school kids want one," said Paul Hastings, assistant to the president of the Lubbock-based Texas Home School Coalition. "It's fun. They want to be with their friends. They want a night to remember."
Schniedermeyer and other parents threw their support into the passage Tuesday of a 92-cent operating tax increase, the first in 11 years in the district. Bayless last raised its operating levy in 2001 by 75 cents - and that was on its fourth consecutive try on the ballot.
In Bridgeton, a Walmart is under construction even though the Bridgeton TIF commission recommended against giving a $7.2 million tax subsidy to the developer. The City Council voted 6-1 to overturn the commission's recommendation.
More power to them. After all, this is America, "the land of the free" and the home of religious freedom. But, as the old saying goes, "your freedom ends where mine begins."
Frank, a longtime resident of Sausalito, was 64 and had suffered from a brain tumor for months.
76. Houston (from Philadelphia), Brandon Brooks, g, Miami (Ohio).
Who is the greatest film cowboy: Clint Eastwood vs. John Wayne.
210 Shadyoak Dr, $155,000
Kayode became animated quickly during his introductory speech at the podium, regarding a perceived lack of respect from Tarver during those telecasts.
The other was an umbrella agency called Children's Permanency Partnership, which assigns and oversees state foster care contracts to a consortium of private foster care agencies, such as Urban Behavioral HealthCare and the Family Resource Center.
"They made the right call this time," said Bruno Kalonji, the couple's son. "There has to be some consequences. I don't think they understood the gravity of the situation until they were arrested."
Late Tuesday
A designer by DNA - she grew up in a New York City garment-industry family - Herzlinger envisioned a home for O'Brien that was Hollywood glam with none of the pretense and all of the dazzle.
​6 Wilson Ave., Newark; (973) 344-8415; androsdinernj.com
Maldonado: Voted against AB32 while in the Legislature. Supports a one-year or longer moratorium on its implementation if forthcoming regulations will cost the state jobs.
What it goes with: Oysters and clams on the half shell, crab, seafood paella.
Varying claims that Prop. 19 would bring billions of dollars into local governments by allowing them to regulate and tax the drug, or would just create a mishmash of confusing rules up and down the state, confused voters, some analysts said.
CMU coach Dan Enos was the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Missouri State (then Southwest Missouri State) in the late 1990s when he tried to recruit Kornfeld's son, Mark, who played quarterback for the Junior Billikens and ended up at Illinois.
Various locations, including
Super Saver won the Kentucky Derby by 2½ lengths with Calvin Borel in the saddle and riding the rail. This time, Borel was back aboard the 3-year-old bay colt, but didn't get to the rail — his signature trip.
It got even nastier a few minutes later when Philadelphia's Brayden Schenn leveled Paul Martin with a hard hit along the boards. Aaron Asham skated over and crosschecked Schenn in the throat area and then punched him when he fell to the ice. For that, Asham received a match penalty.
The Egyptian delegation arrived in Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The delegation of over 100 Egyptian personalities was led by the speaker of the Islamist-dominated parliament Saad el-Katatni, also a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Shortly after that, she decided to create a foundation to help raise money for his research, even though it won't benefit her.
The building's exterior will be finished in June but it is unlikely to open until early next year. It will open in a truly historic neighborhood, close to the Tower of London, Shakespeare's Globe, and Borough Market.
GOP senators have criticized Kagan for her decision as dean to bar military recruiters from the Harvard Law School career services office because of the prohibition against openly gay soldiers. Republicans spent the last hours of debate accusing her of being hostile to gun rights, and they have also spent considerable time criticizing her stance in favor of abortion rights.
BARCELONA, Spain—European Central Bank President Mario Draghi offered little prospect that the bank would deliver more support for the struggling economies of the 17-country eurozone, instead urging governments to agree on a growth strategy that would work alongside tough spending cuts.
The Vikings stadium, which has its own set of political problems, for now seems to be caught in the middle.
A: We spend summers in northern Michigan, and stay as long as we can. I have a good relationship with the great Boys & Girls Club in Flint. I will be back there in May for a book signing at the Flint Public Library, which I'm looking forward to, and visiting Ann Arbor as well.
"She does so many little things, they don't show up in the stat sheet. They don't show up a lot of places," McGraw said. "The coaches appreciate what she does, from the upbeat positive attitude she brings every day to the determined relentless defender that she brings every day. She is the most consistent in terms of her attitude and effort every day."
Conwell is the wife of Cleveland Councilman Kevin Conwell. She worked most recently for the county recorder's office as a public outreach supervisor. Her political experience includes roles in the precinct and executive committees of Cleveland's Ward 9.
SHIP BOTTOM — Bail is set at $750,000 for a southern New Jersey man accused of running down another with his motor vehicle.
The proposal concerns redevelopment of the commercial area at Trianon Parkway and Watson Road.
BERN, Switzerland -- American clients who hid more than 1 million Swiss francs in undeclared bank accounts with UBS AG between 2001 and 2008 could have their details turned over to the U.S. government, Swiss officials said today.
Tomkins insisted he designed the ominous-looking devices so they could never explode.
That's why Bryant sounded skeptical such an incident would hurt World Peace's reputation.
ABC News contributed to this report.
In a press release issued at the time, A&F said, "We are deeply concerned that Mr. Sorrentino's association with our brand could cause significant damage to our image."
Pitchers — Used to accommodate large batches of margaritas. It is recommended that there be one pitcher for each type of margarita being served.
Dimora is charged with 26 corruption-related offenses in the massive probe of corruption at all levels of government in the county. He has pleaded not guilty to all of the charges, and his trial is set for Sept. 12, 2011.
It's true: A female robot, tentatively named Myrtle, is on the drawing board. According to the plans, she will be easier to build but much more intelligent than her male counterpart. (Ladine said the ladies love it when he tells them that.)
"I'm thanking God for sparing me," he said.
After Arcelia gave birth to three children with him, Jorge came to the U.S. alone. He moved into a tiny apartment in Chicago's Rogers Park neighborhood and found work as a cook at the Walker Bros. pancake house on Green Bay Road in Wilmette. He practiced tae kwon do at a martial arts studio in Evanston and worked a second job doing light construction and house-painting.
The last time Detroit played Texas, the Rangers ended the Tigers' season. It was Game 6 of the American League Championship Series in Arlington, and things got ugly early. Texas won, 15-5, and went on to the World Series, where they lost in seven games to the St. Louis Cardinals.
Passengers in the car were taken to the Mercy Regional Medical Center. The conditions of the passengers, Jimmy Watts, 47, of Norwalk and Robert Johnson, 50, of Willard, were not immediately available.
"We talked about it at halftime,'' said Brunner, "maybe getting a quick one and catching them off-guard.''
Baby Kenley
The team's rookie minicamp runs May 11-13, and its full minicamp is June 12-14, according to the NFL, which has released the dates of minicamps and organized team activities for each of the 32 teams in the league.
Last Four In - Making the field ... but just barely
Manning warmed up by testing Bailey early. Bailey was playing despite a right heel injury that had him hobbling away from Invesco Field on crutches just seven days earlier.
Rosés are one of the best summer wines around. Their recent history was dominated by the infamous white Zinfandel - which is not a bad wine, despite the fact that wine geeks turn up their noses in its presence. But there is much more to rosés than white Zinfandels, and their history is long and glorious. The color can range from a light tan to a vibrant deep pink. Styles range from bone-dry to slightly sweet. (Note: Most are dry.) This makes them perfect for almost any occasion.
Wayne County REIA monthly meeting: Open forum this Tuesday. Come and share ideas/information. There will be local investors available to answer questions and update you on the current market as well as share knowledge and expertise. Meetings at 7:30 on the first Tuesday of every month at Red Lobster at 13999 Eureka Road in Southgate. Members are free, guests $20 (which will be applied toward membership). Call Wayde Koehler at 313-277-4168 for details.
Unfortunately, the culture at large has yet to catch on, and we all seem to be trapped in an opinion rat race. Public opinion polling is a growth industry in the United States, and whether it's meaningless website "click here" polls or "American Idol," the public is constantly beseeched for opinions.
Many scientists say an 80 percent cut is needed to limit human-caused warming to just a few degrees, but such a deep cut also would be tougher to achieve.
In April, Thomas -- who'll always be known as "That Girl" -- was at the New Brunswick theater starring in Elaine May's "Roger Is Dead." Next April, she'll play the lead in Arthur ("West Side Story") Laurents new play, "New Year's Eve."
"He's A Rebel" (1962) * With The Crystals
-- From Oregon State University reports
Wozniacki, 21, needed to reach the semifinals to retain the top ranking.
Who knows if you are going to be Aladdin and Jasmine or Brad Pitt and Angelina? I think this gives role-playing a whole new meaning.
ConocoPhillips 230.9
MUNCIE, Ind. -- The outbreak of severe weather in Kansas last weekend had storm chasers out in full force. So many of them, in fact, that emergency officials everywhere are taking notice and putting out warnings.
In 1937, the ambitious Josef Korbel became an up-and-coming member of the Czech staff in Yugoslavia. This was an important assignment because the two Slavic countries were part of a "Little Entente" designed to enhance the strength of states trying to survive in a difficult time.
The source said Kelly’s repeated insistence that he was focused only on doing his current job and not on running for mayor had clearly left the door open for a possible run.
In the other corner, Bob Ottilie, Knox's attorney, called Buzunis' letter "the most threatening letter I've ever seen from an attorney." Ottilie said the matter of Knox's motivation for transfer already was resolved with a prior ruling by a different state appeals panel. In March, that panel determined there wasn't enough evidence to support Ackerman's January finding that Knox's move was athletically motivated. The panel concluded a "significant motivation" for Knox to transfer was to be closer to his biological father.
So who got booted?
Andrew Ryder Larado was born on Nov. 28, 2011 at 8:26 p.m. to Mark and Sonya Larado.
Just cut spending. No, raise taxes on the rich, too. What if we reform the whole tax code? Fine, but don’t spook the financial markets, and don’t make us perform this dance again next year.
UO President Richard Lariviere said the university was not planning to arm police without more discussions in a community "not comfortable with an armed police force at this point."
Tracy's Amini Silatolu, a 6-foot-3, 320-pound guard from Division II Midwestern State, was chosen in the second round by the Carolina Panthers, the No. 40 overall pick. Silatolu is a 2007 graduate of West High who played two years at San Joaquin Delta College in Stockton.
The judge criticized Nikolovski for causing the credit union to lose $72 million, and ultimately to collapse. And he admonished him for destroying the trust of thousands of creditors who, like him, had left Europe in search of the American dream.
One day, he says he wants to relive those memories. One day, he wants to come back to the Rose Garden, when it's completely empty, just him and the rim. He wants to soak it in, he says, and remember that shot from here, and that move he made there. One day, he wants to remember.
"It is hard to be a Californian today and not feel shame and sadness that we live in the state where the schools are funded at 46th in the nation," Munger told me. Others place the state at 42nd. Any way you slice it, the ranking is not good.
Among the more interesting examples were Lincoln, Neb., and Gilbert, Ariz. In Lincoln, police gain access to GPS data, which is more accurate than cell tower triangulation, without having to offer probable cause, the organization said. And the Gilbert Police Department went ahead and got their own cellphone-tracking technology, ACLU said.
“One cannot claim to be helping poor children when they’re also cutting the school breakfast program, raising income taxes on working poor parents and reducing access to health care for low-income mothers and their newborn babies," Oliver said. “The Assembly is prepared to work cooperatively to advance responsible education reforms, but is not ready to cast blame on teachers who in many of these failing schools are quite simply real-life heroes.”
CBS: "The Big Bang Theory" (12.5 million, 7.7/13)/"Rules of Engagement" (8.35 million, 5.0/8)
The master bedroom also is flanked by windows, and it includes a fireplace.
The eight-time Grammy winner can probably afford to stock her makeup bag with every high-priced lotion and potion on the market, but plenty of others can't.
52833 Seven Oaks Dr., $270,000
Vashon coach DeAndre Davis echoed that sentiment. A 1992 Vashon grad, he said he has plenty of great memories of Normandy. He said it's a good chance for the community to see what the local teams are all about.
Circumstances of the crash were not available. McAdoo said one of the vehicles slammed into a utility pole, which caught on fire. Several nearby transformers then overloaded, leading the power outage.
Right: One of the structures at the Casa Grande Ruins National Monument in Coolidge.
Hankins has personally called more than 19,400 voters since April 2011, and he has more than 8,000 signs in private yards in a district that stretches across parts of 19 counties east of Indianapolis.
"The whole museum is an education," says director Harry Parker. "It teaches us that art is accessible and we can cross geographical boundaries."
It was during this time that Kennedy met Indiana, head of the Coenties Slip group, as they were known, a group of artists who inspired the aesthetic cool of the time. Indiana was having a small exhibit in a modest New York gallery.
"I just wanted to go out and helped the team because we wanted to win this," Gibbs said. "It's really tough moving up because the kids are bigger and stronger, but my breaststroke has gotten a lot better."
Biopsies were taken and sent to Stanford University. Before the results even came back, though, the Hardmans had little doubt that their beautiful baby boy was in for the fight of his life. Results eventually confirmed that Lucas had the most devastating — and fatal — type of disorder.
Just as the technology is very different, so is the camera itself. It looks sort of like a short, square, pocket-size telescope, with a nonprotruding 8X zoom lens on one end and a touch-screen viewfinder on the other. It has only two buttons and a zoom slider. It starts instantly and is instantly ready to take the next picture, because it doesn't need to perform autofocusing. It can be purchased in three colors at lytro.com. The base model can hold about 350 pictures. There is also a $499 model that can hold 750 pictures.
Only what they are doing has nothing to do with football or even their college majors, with apologies to their professors of legal studies, media studies and business.
A capacity crowd of 44,227 at Tokyo Dome was a sea of flashbulbs every time Suzuki came to bat. He got a standing ovation when he took his position in right field in the final inning.
Smith told the AP there were a number of things he wished he had done differently.
Altogether, the Las Vegas Sands chief executive and his relatives have given Winning Our Future $16.5 million of the $18.8 million the super PAC has brought in.
"You have to be an offensive driver when you do this," said Rogers. "I go out there with the mentality that I've already won."
At Goodyear, advertisements for snow tires this year have used phrases such as "Saint Bernard" around its wing-foot logo.
90 South St., Morristown, (973) 267-4500. donsburgers.com
The driver of the vehicle that initiated the crash was transported by ambulance to Saint Clare's Hospital with relatively minor injuries, police said.
-- Expanded Morris On the Move shuttle service to get low-income people to work.
Oweis said they have not determined whether there will be any charges. They are still interviewing witnesses.
The KSHSAA celebrated its 100th Anniversary State Championship last season. Now it’s time to look forward to what the 101st year of Kansas prep track and field will bring.
��Supports proposal by Republican Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl that calls for 3,000 National Guard troops on the Arizona-Mexico border, at the federal government's expense.
When a student's family couldn't afford to bring birthday treats for the entire class, she didn't skip a beat: there she was with Strawberry Shortcake Popsicles and paper cups filled with milk. When a student couldn't grasp a math problem, there she was, helping kids long after school ended.
Point guard Kyrie Irving of Duke and Arizona forward Derrick Williams are widely considered the top two prospects this year. Kahn said he’s still planning for point guard Ricky Rubio to join the team from Spain. Rubio was the fifth pick in the 2009 draft.
Unfortunately, both today and while we were in office, Congress has simply been unable to deliver on one of its most fundamental responsibilities -- passing, on time, the spending bills necessary to fund and run the government.
Earlier Sunday, the 57-year-old Hollande shook hands and chatted with voters on his way into the polling station.
That makes Orange County the only county in the area to house underage inmates in coed Juvenile Hall units.
Still, the Northeast Ohio real estate community is buzzing with rumors about what happened, why and how the shocking number of departures will impact CABOR.
"She wasn't just friendly," Kesselring says. "She was genuinely interested."
With innings, outs and bases, kickball basically works like baseball but with a 15-ounce rubber ball. But in kickball, fielders can throw out base-runners by actually hitting them with the ball.
Eggert also told Willamette Week that Brady distorts New Season's creation story. In his statement to The Oregonian, he reiterated his view that he started New Seasons with Amy and only later brought in Rohter. He acknowledges the idea for the market grew out of Nature's Fresh Northwest, where Brady worked in the late 1980s and 1990s. Brady also says Nature's provided the model for New Seasons. "Clearly we practiced it there and we took it to a whole new level," she said.
If you are, you're likely not alone  and that could explain why everywhere you turn you hear ads offering some quick-fix deal to cope with debt.
Stetler said he analyzed the same data and concluded that DNA from this male relative and possibly a fourth unknown person could also be present. He said McLaughlin's DNA is unusually similar to the male relative's; about 69 percent of indicators that DNA experts compare are the same in the two samples, where about 50 percent would be expected.
The astronauts on the space station are American Catherine Coleman, Italian Paulo Nespoli and Russian Commander Dmitry Kondratyev.
It's all glued together by Zuniga, whose onstage persona is the unlikely combination of Vegas showman and book geek, ready with both vaudevillian jokes and quips about Faulkner. He draws in audience members, not the typical bookish crowd, making sure their votes help determine the competition's winner.
She told me that she was unfamiliar with the original film, and asked if this was the kind of movie that appealed more to men than women.
Stebic, a mother of two who would be 42 today, disappeared without a trace five years ago.
A native of Philadelphia, Barchi is a 1968 graduate of Georgetown University. He earned a Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Pennsylvania in 1972 and an M.D. from the university’s school of medicine the next year, according to a 1998 profile in the University of Pennsylvania almanac.
But voters who are still wavering include some who approved of Walker's cuts to state spending but who found his tactics too confrontational. They also include Democrats who sympathize with state workers but think Walker earned the right to serve his entire term. Some say they're still trying to figure out whether Wisconsin's economy is better or worse off with Walker.
4,810: Census estimate for the number of legal assistants, paralegals and legal-support and related workers employed full time in the Cleveland and Akron metro areas. An additional 1,100 people work part time in those fields.
In the kitchen of the Astros’ spring-training facility in Kissimmee, Fla., Pettitte testified, he raised the issue with Clemens.
Dread is, of course, the secret weapon in all the films. Watching them is sort of like riding a roller coaster. You're excited at the prospect, but once it starts you think, wait -- is this really a good idea?
3 cloves garlic, sliced
First up in early July may be a long-delayed board decision on whether to ask voters to approve a property-tax increase for schools. The board has until midsummer to decide whether to put the question to a November referendum, quite possibly moving the decision out of Vogel's tenure and into Griffin's.
The union opposes Revel because it fears the mega-resort will force older, struggling casinos to close, killing thousands of union jobs.
"I don't think we can continue this business," said Nor, who said he has helped Somali immigrants send money home since 1992.
Investigator Marcus Perez
Possibly the weirdest compliment from adviser to performer happened in this battle round when Robin Thicke told Nicole her voice was like "morning coffee on the veranda." Where do you go with that advice? Imagine poor nervous Nicole obsessing over whether she was too caffeinated for the room? Should she go into battle all double latte'd from the get-go or stay all espresso for added expression? It's no wonder she lost, although she did get out from behind the comfort zone of her piano to make that loss a reality. The featured song was "Love Song" by Sara Bareilles, a cutesy trifle that medical student Mathai sewed up with surgical precision. This girl couldn't be any cuter if she was a Disney animation cel.
Undefeated Gemologist, at 6-1, will start from the No. 15 position and have juvenile champion Hansen (10-1, 14th), another sprinter, to contend with. Gemologist trainer Todd Pletcher was pleased.
John Madden, who hosted in 1982, called Manning on Wednesday and offered the same counsel that Peyton did, encouraging him to savor working with the writers and cast members during the week. Eli said he and his brother were comfortable poking fun at themselves.
Seeds? Regis Jesuit's John Crowley was unseeded a year ago and won at 160.
"There are a lot of good players, but it's a matter of showcasing themselves," said Gavin Wilkinson, the Timbers technical director. "It takes a little bit of time."
Woodward picks up the tab for most instructors’ training expenses. Teaching resources are plentiful.
The county could have disqualified Zenith from the list of bidders last year, Appelbaum said, but officials found no legal reason to do so after examining Zenith's operating agreement and sworn affidavits from employees.
But that isn’t part of his job description.
This is another leap forward in the development of digital comics. The new iPad might even color the announcements that Marvel made last week about their new direct-to-digital Infinite Comics line. Their bold presentation at SXSW promised to fully exploit interactive mobile devices like the iPad through new levels of social interaction and motion within the comic.
William Dressel, executive director of the state League of Municipalities, said towns will suffer if the state simply cuts aid without the other reforms.
Zajac walked off his injury and returned to the ice.
The Legacy Fund of Cleveland Metroparks is providing financial support for the project. Donations to the fund support the purchase of the trees being planted.
WOOLWICH TWP. — Gloucester County College President Fred Keating and Kingsway Regional school district Superintendent James Lavender will sign a partnership agreement on Wednesday created to cultivate careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).
“I have no money available this particular year,” Goodreau said of funding the fixes.
“We will make certain it gets picked up, rain or shine,” Erwin said. “Most Garden City residents should expect a post card in their mail during the week leading up to the drive with a bag attached for food donations, but they can always use their own bags and boxes, if needed.”
(25) Denver South (8-7-0) at (8) Silver Creek (12-3-0), TBA
"Freaks of every size," the cast belts out, chins pointed, hips thrust out, voices purposefully raw, edgier. Uglier. Kravits happily thumps the keys. "Sell it, people!"
The company intends to install emission controls on the casting facility, but it's "too soon to say" until an engineering study is completed, he said. The agreement calls for a study by April 2017.
By The Associated Press
Occupations: Don, mortgage lender, Union Savings Bank; Linda works in an oral surgeon's office.
He has. He will. How about you?
In last season's BCS National Championship game, the Ducks started Houston product Darron Thomas at quarterback and Texarkana's LaMichael James at running back.
The issue of a bank tax to pay for future bailouts has proved divisive. The U.S. and European countries favor the move, while others such as Canada and Australia -- whose banks survived the global crisis intact -- oppose it.
"I had my bike with me and I was using my phone, so my hands were full," he said. "I didn't even see (the bag) when I got up."
"No one has ever been more conscientious as a teammate," La Russa said.
"While we have always stated that dalcetrapib is a high-risk project, we are disappointed by the fact that this drug didn't provide benefit to the patients in our study," Dr. Hal Barron, Roche's chief medical officer and head of global product development, said in a statement, adding that Roche has a robust pipeline and is committed to developing new heart medicines.
On the economic development front, the state envisions a greater role for the quasi-governmental Detroit Economic Growth Corp. (DEGC), as well as a way for the city, Wayne County and state land banks to work together. One noteworthy initiative includes transferring ownership of the former state fairgrounds to the state land bank and creating "a neighborhood and commercial center on the site."
Jolene Guiliana
"I thought, there might be some young people out there who was in the same position I was, who love team sports ... but are afraid. If by telling my story, if even just a few young people are encouraged to follow their passion and have a successful career, then it will have been worth it."
Hazing in Florida was upgraded to a felony in 2005 after the death of a University of Miami student four years earlier.
That's where Shaheen, the detective, the connoisseur, the guide -- and the gambler -- comes in. As he puts it, "I like betting on my own taste."
(In the list below, * denote incumbents)
Don't let Tim Baldermann hear you say politicians can't do anything to lower gas prices.
“I offered to trade three future Yankee victories for one Philadelphia first down. Three games for 10 lousy yards. I attempted no trickery. Their response? Donovan McNabb threw a sideline interception, which Dallas ran back 46 yards for a touchdown. Trying to make the tackle, McNabb tweaked something and limped off the field.
MOPS MEETINGS
“I’ve said on numerous occasions in the past that the task force’s undertaking is gargantuan,” Soriano said. After nearly a year investigating the feasibility of the county-wide police model, the subcommittees handed off their findings to Ciattarelli’s team in December to analyze what Soriano called “certain budgetary issues.”
"We don't want the levee to be broken," said Mississippi County Sheriff Keith Moore, who was in the painful position of having to help carry out the preparations.
Financial companies posted the largest increase in buyback activity among market sectors in the latest quarter, with $14.4 billion in buybacks. That was nearly double the $7.3 billion in buybacks in the first quarter. The biggest quarterly buyback total among financial companies was the $3.5 billion spent by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
The bill would allow universities to deny requests under the Public Information Act — intended to ensure public access to government-held data — for faculty research and correspondence that includes proprietary ideas or data.
With his drill broken, Cameron still was able to collect water, slurp up small creatures, film and glide along canyon walls for several hours.
Virginia Horrell of High Ridge also sent a recipe, which we will forward to Palos.
Big room, open kitchen, nice bar and plenty of style give the place a modern look mixed with a touch of rustic. Live music some nights adds to the pleasant vibe.
In 1960, she made her opera debut, in "Madama Butterfly."
The number of participants should be lower and tied to the unemployment rate in the U.S., Costa said.
Federal law enforcement officials now are investigating the accidental shooting. St. Louis County police have since backed away from the investigation after hospital officials told them the incident was an accidental discharge involving a man known to hospital staff, said Officer Rick Eckhard.
29 W SOUTHCREST $260,000
The news was first reported by the New York Post, which said the deal is worth $20 million annually for 20 years. In late June, Sports Business Journal reported the naming rights deal for New Meadowlands Stadium would net between $17 million and $18 million each year.
Congress failed to extend a wind energy production tax credit, which supporters say has boosted the industry's strong growth nationwide. Some Washington state lawmakers have proposed scaling back the state's voter-approved renewable energy standards, and a California law imposing the strictest such standards in the country also requires more of that energy to be generated there, instead of being imported from the Northwest.
Deaths from colorectal cancer have been declining for more than two decades, mostly because of screening including colonoscopies and other tests, the organization says. People of average risk of colon cancer ages 50 to 75 should get screened, but only about half in the U.S. do.
Remember, the list of the 64 who made it into the Playoffs remains on cleveland.com, with contact information and an interactive map. And watch the paper Wednesday and Friday for the names of the champs.
A criminal complaint was filed today in Superior Court, charging ex-Marine Andrew Urdiales, 45, with the Jan. 18, 1986, murder of Robbin Brandley, 23, who was stabbed 41 times in the college parking lot during a robbery.
Comedian Bob Saget and A's manager Bob Melvin -- Tom Wilson, Grapevine, Texas
"We looked very nervous at times. I don't know why," Spencer said. "We played like an expansion team - very nervous in front of a big crowd."
It used to be a student graduated from high school and then tackled higher education.
Taj Ahmad, Parlin
You might, for example, give your financial adviser a photo of yourself. Later, while reviewing your saving plan, he might show you an age-morphed avatar and ask you how your future self would feel if you end up short on money in retirement.
“It means a lot,” said Gloucester County Animal Shelter Director Bill Lombardi as the children presented him with the check. Donations enable the shelter “to help an animal in medical need,” he added, and the money could also help the shelter prepare an animal to be adopted.
The AZ Peaks Restaurant Group plans to operate the company's Scottsdale location and eventually buy it, Cohn said.
ESSEX COUNTY — Essex County is one of three sites being considered for a massive federal detention center for illegal immigrants — an operation that would be a major financial windfall.
Guyota said his father has mental health problems and at times doesn't take his medication. His mother died when he was 4. His father's new wife is searching for work.
In addition to finding the best possible practitioner, you need to do your part beforehand. If your insides aren't as immaculate as you can get them, it's harder to detect polyps, especially the flat kind on the right side of the colon (which this study found to be a potential blind spot). There are variations on the prep, which is basically a clear-liquid diet for some period of time plus laxatives. Following to the letter whichever version your doctor recommends is the best way to ensure an unobscured view of the walls of your bowel, says Sidney Winawer, an attending gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
Voting at Village Farms Clubhouse in Westfield/Carmel, the couple, Anna, 70, and Greg, 71, said they voted for Mourdock.
Investors' loss of confidence in Greece's debt pushed its bond yields up—and the euro zone to the brink of destruction. Radical EU measures calmed the panic, but worries over public debt have returned.
The event was presented by The Partners of Salem County — Mannington Mills, DuPont Chambers Works, PSEG Nuclear, The Memorial Hospital of Salem County, Franklin Bank and Today's Sunbeam.
“My concern is whether Mr. Hopler uses alcohol,” Manahan said.
“I’ll give my whole heart to being the best Jet that I can possibly be, trying to help this team win football games,” Tebow said.
That's why Culp, who envisions the West End Apartments as a place where residents won't have to get into their cars, is relieved that the units are under construction after a yearlong financing delay.
Pryor is eyeing ways to keep the Strand hopping in between theatrical productions.
MICDS (17-1) eventually outscored Notre Dame 12-7 in the second extra period for the win.
That came a couple of years later. He spent the summer after his freshman year in the New England Collegiate Baseball League working hard on his changeup.
The law allows local officials to go over the property tax limit to cover expenses related to a state of emergency, debt service costs and employee pensions and health benefits payments. Officials in towns battered by Tropical Storm Irene and the fluke October snowstorm warn they have to exceed the 2 percent limit.
"They were pretty shaken up and traumatized from what they saw," he said.
Jonny Gomes wanted to make something clear: He doesn't have it out for Tampa Bay.
Quality of service: Mostly satisfactory.
The city also laid off 53 other city employees, including 30 firefighters. Many of them returned to work earlier this year.
Roz Ellis Heid, Baltimore
What is rare is for members to acknowledge such transgressions. The outrage over the infamous 2005 attempt by Sen. Carole Migden to cast a vote for one of her bills when it was in the Assembly was an aberration. When the violation is among members in the same house, within the same party, the pressure to close ranks is intense. At least one other Assembly Democrat privately told colleagues that he was the victim of a ghost vote against his will in the last week of May. He declined to be interviewed.
Officer Tanya Tamm will receive the Melissa Schmidt Community Service Award for her work on the Wills for Heroes program. Tamm set up 10 clinics for more than 500 first responders in St. Paul, Duluth and other outstate agencies.
MetroHealth Chief Executive Mark Moran said this week that Onusko is looking into alternatives to the consulting contracts. Moran said last week that the health system will consider putting severance clauses into employment contracts when a person is hired as opposed to the current practice of offering the consulting contract as the employee leaves. Mercer, a national compensation adviser, found in an April draft report that MetroHealth's severance policy of approving six to 12 months of pay is consistent with market practice. The firm did suggest that the hospital formalize the now-discretionary practice.
That exception was the company's failure to immediately report - and to declare and alert -- after an explosion and fire power switching gear located outside of the reactor building.
But after having toured incessantly for 20 years, the Band called it quits in 1976 with perhaps the most famous sendoff concert ever, an all-star affair that director Martin Scorsese documented in the concert film "The Last Waltz." Dylan, Neil Young, Van Morrison, Muddy Waters, Joni Mitchell, Eric Clapton, Neil Diamond and numerous others played at the concert in San Francisco that brought the Band's career to a close.
McMillan cautioned that it's early and the Blazers have not settled on an identity yet. He planned on running more in previous seasons and it didn't pan out. And because the team's best player, Aldridge, is scheduled to miss at least the first week of camp recovering from a medical procedure on his heart, it's far too soon to predict what the Blazers' style will look like come midseason.
At least 21 people have been North Dakota and New Jersey. No one has died, and no cases have been reported in Oregon.
Above the altar is the Cupola, designed by Michelangelo and finished by his student Giacomo Della Porta. The Cupola inspired future domes, including London's St. Paul's in 1675 and Washington, D.C.'s Capitol Building in 1794.
Lapses, McCall acknowledges, have been a problem for a while. Fatigue sets in, his mind wanders, trouble follows. By learning to keep his focus, even when tired, or to be in good enough shape that he doesn't get tired, McCall has stayed in the game and made things happen.
This plan wouldn't fix one key problem: At least a quarter of U.S. homes that carry mortgages are thought to be "underwater," worth less now than the loans on the homes. Banks have been unwilling to refinance most of these homeowners, worried that prices could fall even further.
If "American workers are being denied their right to organize and collectively bargain when I'm in the White House, I'll put on a comfortable pair of shoes myself -- I'll walk on that picket line with you as president of the United States of America," he said during a campaign speech in Spartanburg, S.C.
But there is major disagreement about just how to rein in those costs.
United Airlines is giving pilots tablets to replace bulky flight manuals. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers football team gave its players iPads for playbooks this year, according to the St. Petersburg Times. In Cleveland, Michael Symon's Lola restaurant uses iPads to show diners wine and beer options.
The topic of this week's trivia is information found in The World Almanac.
Serve as a glaze with a grilled ribeye or New York steak or with a hamburger. Makes about 6 cups sauce.
Then, his Giants missed more chances in what has become a disturbing trend for manager Bruce Bochy's bunch.
Today, Leigh Ann's big girl closet is so perfect it makes Barbie's blond hair turn green with envy. And her sister? She's being featured on "Hoarders."
But she did not qualify for her other two specialty events, the 100- and 200-meter sprints.
Syracuse at Minnesota, 8 p.m., BTN
"We cast a really wide net," Holder said. "We filled up the shifts faster than expected."
Phil Mickelson and Lee Westwood narrowly avoided joining him.
State Sen. Joe Vitale (D-Middlesex), a sponsor, was annoyed when one opponent used the term "Obamacare," saying it was disrespectful to President Obama. He defended the mandate to buy health care as necessary to reduce costs.
"When neighbors work together, everything works," Hoffer says. "They just need to look beyond their own yards."
Who knew then the Pacers wouldn't score again?
Since she was going out, Connie glued on a prosthetic nose before climbing into her sister's car for the ride to The Ville, one of their favorite spots. A few bites into their French dips and fries, Bonnie looked up at Connie and stopped. She leaned in close to her sister.
One by one, people in the water succumbed to the freezing cold.
All across Italy, there are wine regions I urge you to discover: Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Trentino-Alto Adige, Sicily, Veneto, Umbria, Abruzzi ... Today, we're tasting from Tuscany and Piedmont. In terms of branding (not character), they are the Napa and Sonoma of Italy.
Lawyers for McMahon Food did not return messages Friday seeking comment.
One of the benchmarks of "Iron Man" was that Downey, co-star Jeff Bridges and Favreau were allowed to improvise dialogue on the fly. It's a technique Rockwell and Rourke are also adept at. But improvisation has its limits.
"There is no denial that a higher price was paid for this land, but there is also recognition that the totality of this negotiation will benefit the town well past our memories of it," DeWitt said in a summary report.
I think I was trying to take Mack to Europe. Once I gave up on that, I pretended not to be selfish by suggesting we see something he could relate to. That's how I ended up seeing "The Alamo," which, despite the verve of Billy Bob Thornton, put me into a deep Western coma from which I thought I'd never emerge.
He never tired of reading. On the final night of his life, Peter W. Roberts returned from a classical music concert in Eugene to finish Nikolai Gogol's "Dead Souls," then set it on the nightstand with the 37 books still awaiting his attention.
"My stepmom was diagnosed with breast cancer in April and had a mastectomy May 5. One test would say if she needed chemotherapy – her insurance would not pay."
Some of the criticism is aimed at The Partnership for Education in Newark — the foundation set up to raise $100 million to match the initial grant from Facebook billionaire Mark Zuckerberg.
Mr. Rodricks' opinions certainly won't damper the success of the MD SPCA's 17th March for the Animals. Thousands of dog owners and dog breeds of all kinds safely came together to have fun while helping the homeless dogs in our community.
This will be the E Street Band’s first appearance in Cleveland since longtime sax player and fan favorite Clarence Clemons suddenly died last summer. Springsteen last played here on Nov. 10, 2009.
"No matter what your transgression is or how isolated you think it may be, the odds are almost 100 percent that there's a camera or cellphone catching it," Austin said. "If it's salacious or interesting enough, chances are it's going up on the Internet somewhere, and it can be spun all kinds of ways. If it doesn't happen mechanically, there are all sorts of people who know how to jump-start a story."
Patrick Kennedy married Petitgout in July at the Kennedy family compound on Cape Cod. Petitgout is a middle school teacher from Brigantine, N.J., and has a young daughter, Harper, from a previous marriage.
At least the Billikens will be on more common networks for the NCAA tourney (TBS today).
Moms can benefit, too, decreasing their risk of developing breast or ovarian cancer.
We asked four local home designers to provide tips of their own for each room, each drawing on his or her own individual style and philosophies. On a few topics, they are more or less unanimous (dimmer switches, natural colors for expensive-to-replace items like countertops or tiles) and on others, there are varying opinions (green or peach for a bedroom? is an open floor plan a pleasure or a pain?).
As time ran down, the Vikings covered Eagles freshman guard Taylor Murray, who led her team with 15 points, and Murray couldn’t get a shot off. But she spotted Gierl at the top of the arc and fed her for the 20-footer.
"We had ideal snow," said Bob Roberts, executive director of the California Ski Industry Association, which represents 27 resorts in the Sierra. "This ideal snow came with perfect timing. The snow fell during the week, and we did not lose weekends or holidays to storms."
One vivid on-the-job moment was provided by actress Cloris Leachman, who was in town starring in a production of "Showboat." When she came by our studios for an interview, our senior staff was holding a meeting in a glass-walled office.
The officer ruled that action was "a retail and sales services use," something not permitted in residential zoning, said Portland Bureau of Development Services spokesman Ross Caron.
Only one drew police suspicion.
Arrangements: E.F. Boyd & Son, Cleveland.
"There are still many areas up here that lack high-speed Internet service," she said. "Given how critical that service is to businesses, I can see a lot of people being able to now work out of their homes or even move up to the mountain and still be able to continue business operations."
The little boy's younger sister, the mother said, had caused the scratch marks that peppered his chest.
Fans know that the weakest Aardman films ("Flushed Away" wasn't a laugh riot either) are still richer and more rewarding than any "Shrek," "Cars" or "Ice Age" picture.
Pitino said he also told Izzo that making the leap to the pros isnt a good idea unless youve already been there as an assistant. Pitino spent two years under Hubie Brown with the New York Knicks.
Mills laid on the court for several seconds, but was able to get up and get back on defense by the time the final buzzer sounded. After the buzzer, Andre Miller, Marcus Camby and Matthews all approached Cardinal.
"I know that feels to you like that's not really a penalty," Hoge said. But, "I would rather partner with districts in trying to take care of this than try to become the police."
Super Bowls usually are about quarterbacks, and Tom Brady and Eli Manning are likely to find themselves in a shootout. The matchup of Manning versus the Patriots defense favors the Giants.
Nutley families and their pets are invited to mix and mingle at the event marking Be Kind to Animals Week, which has been celebrated by the American Humane Society since 1915.
A major quake on those faults could be felt in L.A. almost immediately. By contrast, a quake on the San Andreas fault, which experts have long predicted would produce "The Big One," could provide more time.
"Three home runs and a double," Howell coach Tony Perkins said. "What a day. What a player."
Every time Gimbel mentioned a trendy drink or recreational drug, he asked how many of the high school juniors and seniors had heard of the product, seen it for themselves or knew someone who had tried it. Invariably, dozens of hands went up.
Fresh lime wedges
Gaffigan and the orchestra get to show off even more in Rossini's Overture to "La Cenerentola" ("Cinderella") and the "Gingerbread Waltz" from Humperdinck's opera "Hansel and Gretel." In both works, shifts in dynamics both gradual and sudden reveal a close musical partnership.
A minor tweak or major overhaul?
Rarely have I been so skeptical, or so completely mistaken, going into an activity as I was when I tried vibration plates.
Desserts, made on the premises, are worth the extra time on a treadmill, especially the shareable pumpkin bread pudding, a likable treat spiced and caramel-candied pecans. Double chocolate Kahlua mousse torte and banana-caramel crepe were among other possibilities plus ice cream.
Along with the Kenny Wilson Award for Excellence, the team and family have decided not to retire his jersey. Rather, they have decided to promote it to the highest honor. "We will make the #59 jersey the most sought after, respected, and desired jersey of any lineman," Coach Mustain wrote in the school's program. Every year the #59 jersey will be awarded to the lineman that best exemplifies integrity, leadership, desire, and ability the way Kenny would want it done. This year Kenny's younger brother Pete will wear the jersey while being a ball boy for the team at the games.
Whitehead was charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance with the intent to distribute and distribution of CDS, said police.
Yandle said her office "will be working with law enforcement officials, state officials and others to investigate the circumstances of Mr. Giles' disappearance from the nursing home to determine not just what happened, but how and why.
The attorney for the man who claims he was mistakenly injected with a green dye normally used for clothing during a procedure at Northwestern Memorial Hospital called the event "a fiasco" and said he could not understand how no one in the operating room at the time thought to question what Elijah Goodwin was being given.
federal indictment, alleging that he used his county commissioner's office as the base to run a criminal enterprise. Dimora is on trial along with Gabor, 52, of Parma, a former office assistant in the auditor's office. Gabor is accused of bribery and conspiracy, including a charge that he tried to pay a judge $10,000 to fix his divorce case.
TMM has contended Hale is not protected by the newsperson’s shield law. Its attorney, Joel Kreizman, insists Hale’s postings last year amounted to nothing more than defamatory statements that harmed TMM’s business reputation.
"I did not want it to be a media thing for him. He said it wasn't."
"Neither the Governor’s Office or New Jersey Transit has heard from Secretary LaHood," Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak said in an e-mail. "If and when we are contacted by the secretary, we will review their proposal." NJ Transit spokesman Paul Wyckoff and Patton Boggs attorney Stuart Pape deferred to the governor’s office when asked for comment.
John Czarnecki, FoxSports.com, A: "The entire key to their draft is whether LSU's Michael Brockers can be a dominant defensive tackle and if Appalachian State's Brian Quick is an immediate deep weapon for Sam Bradford. Can he really be T.O.? . . . Several teams had first-round grades on Montana cornerback Trumaine Johnson, who was taken 65th overall . . . Cincinnati's Isaiah Pead is a great change-up running back to Steven Jackson's power . . . If Jenkins can stay clean and produce, this can be a great draft based on the two future first-round picks Washington gave them for RGIII. But my memory is that Rams coach Jeff Fisher already failed with Pacman Jones in Tennessee. Take it from Jenkins, who railed against the idea that he should be compared to Pacman: ‘No, because I never shot up a strip club or nothing like that!' . . . Wake Forest receiver Chris Givens has second-round talent, but seventh-round character. He could be a dynamic slot receiver. Missouri Western kicker Greg Zuerlein made 9 of 9 field goals from 50 yards or more last season. Zuerlein gets tremendous height and also can kick off. The Rams definitely improved their overall team speed - remember, they signed veteran cornerback Cortland Finnegan in free-agency - and now the coaching staff carries the burden of coaching these young men up."
Wray 0 0 0 8 — 8
On Friday, Apryl Marie Fogel, a spokeswoman for Gosar, said the congressman had collected a "record" $103,000 since the last report.
Conversely, five metro areas including Detroit were among those to show home price declines when looking at the prior month. Metro Detroit home prices saw a 1.3% drop in home prices compared to January levels.
After retiring in 1990 he went on to work with the NFL Players Association, most recently as director of player development, where he helped players get ready for their post-football careers.
Until a year and a half ago, Nudo was the owner of Nick's Famous Coney Island on Southeast Hawthorne Boulevard.
Get under something sturdy like a table. Cover your body with a blanket and protect your head with anything available even if that just means using your hands.
But just how razor close the retailers came to filing for bankruptcy, liquidating their stores and losing their homes was never shared. It was only this past week at the National Retail Federation conference in New York, where Kitchen Kaboodle was held up for the quick and gutsy thinking that kept it afloat, that Whisler shared the whole story.
Fatigue has been one of the huge stumbling blocks during this fitness quest. I'm tired because of lack of sleep, which leads to lack of energy.
Q: But you're a political person. You would do a video with someone even if you didn't like their politics?
Along with cuts, the postal service is also aggressively pursuing—and already seeing results—actions to generate revenue, Mr. Partenheimer said, such as promotions to increase advertising mail, TV ads to grow shipping and mailing, and the agency's new "Village Post Office" concept, in which it will increasingly contract with small businesses to provide postal services rather than run stand-a-lone branches.
Sam and Alfreda's collection kept growing too, fed by gifts, exchanges with other artists and purchases, many of which were made to encourage promising talent.
Volts have been involved in three fires, but the NHTSA blaze was the only one so far to have been blamed on the car. In one of the other fires, a garage blaze in Connecticut, the Volts battery was not drained, which caused the car to reignite three days after the original fire.
The worst part? The Furniture Row Racing team can't pinpoint the problem and knows things are off because he's struggling in qualifying, which was one of his strengths last year. Smith qualified inside the top-five eight times last season.
Thomas McNaughton of Flour + Water is still at the San Francisco restaurant, while working on the opening of the nearby Central Kitchen later this spring, followed by Salumeria.
* Specific amount not disclosed
Crockam was charged Saturday with murder and weapons offenses.
øMacFarlane says Sonos has had some profitable years, but "some years we make money, some years we lose," he adds. "We bias toward growth." He declined to discuss current financials.
Tipoff: 7 p.m. Friday, Time Warner Cable Arena, Charlotte, N.C.
Because of the larger pool, school districts, for example, can pick a certified science teacher to fill in when their regular science teacher is sick, said Maranzano.
ø"What I can tell you is that since my childhood, I've wanted to do one thing: Be an asteroid miner," he said in an interview posted on YouTube. "So stay tuned on that one."
Located behind Roehm Middle School on Bagley Road, the field will represent Phase One of a large-scale sports facility initiative being created by the school district. In addition to the Browns and schools, the city of Berea also has made a financial contribution to this project.
“The outlook remains fragile,” OECD Chief Economist Pier Carlo Padoan said of Europe’s weak consumer confidence, high unemployment and tight credit. “We may have stepped back from the edge of the cliff, but there’s still no room for complacency.”
A look at the prospects:
The Rock Hill Planning and Zoning Commission on Wednesday (July 6) approved a site plan by a vote of 6 to 0. Planning Commissioner Art Korte abstained.
Castroneves and Cindric won 25 races and 34 poles in tandem, able to walk not only in step but in sentence. Cindric made adjustments with the tone of Castroneves' voice, and sometimes when he said nothing at all. They were a match of Rose-Hulman brains and Brazilian energy.
"This has been totally emotional for me," Nancy Davila said Saturday morning, an hour before the start of the race.
Last night, I decided duty required me to at least check out the top 12 as they faced that ye olde challenge -- sing a song from the year you were born.
Harrison's cousin, David Yon, said Harrison told him that he had gone to the store to run an errand. While there, he also bought an aluminum bat out of fear.
"We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations."
With Adams' work plan still being crafted, it's unclear when city leaders will reconsider their position with the task force. Portland is the only major city to yank officers from the multi-agency task force -- voting 4-1 in 2005, with Saltzman opposed.
"It's a story that needs to be told," Dimmitt said.
(On if they feel set at cornerback):
Vongerichten’s mother is Korean, and her father was a serviceman who abandoned her mother when she was pregnant. Her mother gave her up, and she was adopted by a U.S. Marine colonel and his wife then stationed in Korea. They took her home to northern Virginia, where she was raised.
Ryan reiterated what Tannenbaum said after the trade Wednesday night: Mark Sanchez is the team's starting quarterback. Tebow is the No. 2 and will have a package of plays every week.
In fact, Goode was immediately smitten with Twist's puppetry; the two decided they would create something together. "Not a play exactly," Goode said, "but something based on a character -- and the character would be a puppet."
"It turned out perfectly," she said.
Learning to make pastries may have saved Martinez's life, or at least spared him a stretch in the state penitentiary. In 2005, facing three felony charges, Martinez promised to enroll in a pastry-making program, leading to a reduced sentence  and perhaps a last chance at an honest life.
In front of dozens of locals — some dressed in pajamas, others carrying their children on their shoulders — authorities slid the blanketed bear into the cage for transport. When the door slammed shut, the spectators let out a cheer, saying the applause was as much for their own renewed safety as for the bear that became the town's mascot.
"She lives with this event each and every day," he said. "When you have no specific memory of what that tragedy is, that is a terrible, terrible thing."
BEIJING—The central Chinese government hardened its grip in Chongqing, the domain of recently ousted Communist Party secretary Bo Xilai, targeting the "red singing" he had encouraged in the southwestern city, part of an approach that has widened an ideological rift among the party elite.
"Some are military and some are civilians who must have got caught up in the fighting. They were all killed by gunshot wounds in areas around where the conflict was going on," Adama Traore said.
What steps can I take to get a refund? -- Ted Van Anne, Colleyville, Texas
Kollings, according to a news release by the board's communications specialist, submitted an earnest deposit of $100,000 to GE Capital, the current owner of the building this week. The board can terminate or approve the purchase without financial penalty and with full refund of the money, according to the release.
Russell was the only woman to complete the series' 30K (18.6 miles), 21K (13 miles), 18K (11.2 miles), 15K (9.3 miles) and 12K (7.5 miles) races, said her friend Henrietta Spencer. She won one of them, and Hawley said the fact that she finished and placed high in all five earned her the Queen of the Hill crown. She received a crystal vase engraved with that title, plus a gift card from New Balance, an athletic-products company.
A rain barrel on the rooftop collects water for Kincaid's container gardens. The sunroom is topped with a green roof planted in sedum, which helps reduce rainwater runoff. And during the demolition, Albertsson hired Deconstruction Services to recycle any reusable materials.
Which is why Caffe Roma deserves some kind of civic medal. Up until 1999, the general consensus was that if you didn't have indigestion by the time you left Room 101, you certainly would after eating lunch around there. But Roma patriarch Sergio Azzollini was undaunted by the ill winds that blew down the grim alleyways, believing that he could export the convivial, family-style aura he'd cultivated for 30 years at his North Beach coffeehouse to this most inhospitable corner.
The risk report, done by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations, also said leaders of both the Sinaloa and Juarez cartels would be present at the fight. However, it said there were no specific threats to the city, the event or those attending it, the law enforcement official said.
To make ahead, let the Apple-Date Butter cool completely, then cover and store in the refrigerator.
At the same time, Best Buy, like other big-box retailers, is finding that more people are using its stores as showrooms to browse for products and then going online to Amazon.com and other rival sites to buy at a lower price.
Ferman, 46, has a trim figure but she's no fitness poster girl, nor does she aspire to be.
"There was no doubt about it," he said.
"When I talked about coming to Talladega, it's just as much of an excitement level for me to see the fans and get a feel for the atmosphere as it is for driving the car," Patrick said. "The atmosphere is something really unique. It's definitely one of those tracks that I was looking forward to coming to for more reasons than racing. It's going to be fun.
XL Center, Hartford, Conn.
(9:04:01 PM): Grant 24, Canby 19, 5:00 4th Q: Canby driving on the Generals' 6-yard line, 3rd and 19. (95.5 The Game update)
Brittany was found unharmed and locked in a bedroom, the probable-cause statement said. She later told police that she heard Ready arguing with her mother and sister and then, a few moments later, heard the gunshots.
4. Riley can't hide: Even Kobe Bryant was forced to answer questions about the Heat's struggles during their current five-game losing streak.
(H H H ½ on 10/8/10)
Jomay Stillman of San Diego had seen the Rieglers' show at a fair and liked it so much she took her family to the dairy on Mother's Day this year.
"Again, I believe the government is trying to prevent me from getting legal counsel to try and force me into pleading guilty and I'm not going to do that, your honor," Dimora said.
Like the rest of the team, Cronin had a strong week of practice before the quarterfinals, which translated into a near-perfect night of football.
Steven Horrell came on in the sixth to blank Calabasas the rest of the way.
Americans may not be collectively doomed to die in their recliners after all, one hand in the chips bag, the other stretching for the remote. Obesity levels seem to be leveling off or slowing across most of the population, according to two new comprehensive studies of the nation's heft.
While the association can impose various forms of discipline on its members, there are limits to our authority. If you believe you are owed damages from the Realtor you are complaining about, that is a matter for the court system. The association does not have the authority to award damages. Also, real estate agents receive their licenses from the state through the Missouri Real Estate Commission. While the association can revoke or suspend a Realtor's membership in our organization, we do not have the authority to revoke anyone's license to do business. The real estate commission has its own disciplinary process that can result in a licensee losing their right to do business if they violate the commission's rules and regulations.
After three years in which the number of headliners dwindled from 44 to 39 to 30, the 2012-13 season will feature 36 attractions giving 52 performances — not counting the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra.
One advantage of the play's flashback structure is that it allows the third major character, the working-class Scudder, to show up earlier than in the novel. Andrew Nolan, who's unconvincing as the fey aristocratic Risley, exerts a solid, gently earthy sensuality as Scudder that foreshadows and grounds the happy ending that awaits Maurice.
The crowd began forming outside the store well before 9 a.m., when the doors officially opened. Many Rack fans showed up early to enter a raffle to win a $2,000 shopping spree before the store opened. The winner was Hallie James of Spanish Lake.
Upshaw admitted that the wait was a little frustrating and Harbaugh said that he got that same sense from Osemele.
Said coach Mike Brown of Barkley, "He's funny to watch on TV. He's great for TNT, great for the NBA."
Rodriguez also hopes to find funds to send Oregon's winners to nationals next year. This year, the Beaverton School District paid Curtis' $150 participation fee, and teachers donated more than $1,000 to fly him and his family to Albuquerque.
Dikos: This carbohydrate-packed meal is great for stocking glycogen. I recommend this as a carbohydrate-loading option before big events such as marathons, ultra-marathons or half-Ironmans. However, this meal also works fantastic for everyday eating. The meal is low in fat and rich in flavor. The cooked zucchini and tomatoes are easy-to-digest vegetables. The addition of Parmesan cheese kicks the sodium content of the meal up, which is good to consider when carb loading for a warm, long event.
Mariners manager Eric Wedge had made lineup changes before the game, installing Dustin Ackley as the leadoff hitter and relegating Chone Figgins to a utility role. But while the Mariners did get the leadoff batter on in four different innings, they only scored after back-to-back doubles by Montero and Kyle Seager in the fifth.
Oct. 30: I guess Heather dealt with a hippie on 1st and Broad that said You are making me feel Dehumanized by the way ur treating me. Probably a protesters.
4 (129)–x Miles Burris, lb, San Diego State
Boards: Serves on the boards of the Sherwin-Williams Company, Park-Ohio Holding Corp. , BioEnterprise Corp. and the Cleveland Institute of Music. He has served As Chairman of the board of trustees at the Cleveland Clinic for 13 years.
A few herbs really do have approval, but only as an ingredient in FDA-approved drugs. For example, yohimbine, a compound derived from the herb yohimbe, is FDA approved for the treatment of male sexual dysfunction.
5. Taste and add pinches of sugar if the sauce is too salty or boil it down for 1 minute to concentrate the flavor. Regardless, stir the cornstarch mixture, then add to the bubbly liquid. Cook for 30 to 60 seconds to lightly thicken. Add back the clams, give everything a big stir to coat, then transfer to a big shallow bowl. Crown with the green onion garnish and serve.
"She wasn't here long at all before she was saying to me, 'Mr. E, would you sell me a franchise,'" he said.
You know the old reviewer's cliché, "You'll laugh, you'll cry"? It might have been invented with "Next Fall" in mind.
A spokesman for Japan's nuclear regulator, the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, said it won't conduct any more investigations into whether the age of the Fukushima Daiichi reactors was a factor in that accident, because the damaged reactors are officially shut down. The regulator will continue to investigate age fatigue at other plants as part of its normal duties, he said.
"I am honored and truly humbled to be named the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year," Birk said in a statement released by the Ravens. "This award is not about the recipient, but rather a celebration of the decades-long tradition of NFL players using their unique platform to touch lives and make a positive and lasting impact in the communities in which they work and live. Walter Payton left a legacy that went beyond the playing field. He continues to be an inspiration and example of what a complete NFL player should aspire to become. I am grateful to have played for two organizations, the Minnesota Vikings and Baltimore Ravens, which encourage and support their players' community efforts. I have always considered it a privilege to play in the NFL and serve the communities that support our game."
6 (173) Alfred Morris, rb, Florida Atlantic
On March 22, Gruber's sister, Eileen Siwula, filed a wrongful death lawsuit, claiming sheriff's officers beat and pepper sprayed Gruber and denied requests for medical help despite the presence of medical personnel at the jail.
Hoffmann replaces Karen Joyce, who was hired by the governor's office to manage the 10-Year Energy Action Plan Task Force and also filled in as interim energy policy advisor.
They say the measure will protect the health of customers and employees from second-hand smoke.
It's a pretty straightforward version of a song that never did much for me, previously, but Seger, in a very subtle way, manages to convey the sense of wonder in the lyrics. Check it out:
It's a hard question to answer. Some of this has to do with what's on the particle. You can think of some particles being coated with chemicals (sort of like a candy coating). Some of this has to do with the physical shape and size of the particle, or where it lands (deposits) in your lungs, where it may cause irritation, inflammation, or swelling.
Sarmiento says she loves the look of the midcentury modern pieces, especially the Danish modern design. "I love the simplicity. I love the scale," she says. "A lot of modern stuff is so overstuffed."
Lord, give me strength.
Bar Bocce
Safety concerns were not without merit as the militant group al-Shabab fired mortar shells at his plane as it took off from the Mogadishu airport, missing the aircraft, but injuring 19 locals on the ground.
The 34-year-old Irish man, who was not named, "was unfamiliar with American roadways" and ended up driving his Toyota north in the southbound lanes near Tunitas Creek Road around 8:05 p.m., according to the California Highway Patrol. He'd pulled back onto the road after stopping to take some pictures when he suddenly spotted a southbound Acura coming right at him.
Grind is an apt description as the Hawks won for just the ninth time this season when scoring three or fewer goals. Led by Crawford and defensemen Keith, Brent Seabrook, Nick Leddy and Dylan Olsen, the defense locked down after the Blues' Andy McDonald scored in the waning seconds of the opening period off a goal-mouth scramble.
The lawsuit was filed on Thursday in the Western District of the Missouri Court of Appeals, only two days after the Public Service Commission denied a similar request by the same parties.
8187 S.W. Tualatin-Sherwood Road, Tualatin; 503-885-9292
Voices of Life, from Life Center International Church of God in Christ in St. Louis, won the Small/Medium Choir Category, which also included a $10,000 prize. Voices of Life also won the V CAST People's Choice Award, whose winner was selected from audience votes via cellphone texts. That award came with an additional $5,000.
Mead 000 000 0 — 0 1 7
"I thank Rosie from the bottom of my heart for joining me on this journey. She has been an incredible partner, working to deliver the best possible show every single day," Oprah Winfrey said in a release. "As I have learned in the last 15 months, a new network launch is always a challenge and ratings grow over time as you continue to gather an audience. I'm grateful to Rosie and the dedicated Rosie Show team for giving it their all."
And with that, another coal miner's daughter was born.
The average percentage of lost jobs has stabilized in recent months, according to Consumer Reports. But, the nonprofit cautions, the nation's economy still has a long way to go.
Grigson said he has not seen Manning throw and does not have information to determine whether to release the quarterback before he is paid a $28 million bonus by a March 8 deadline.
During a recent tour of the building, ICAN Director of Resource Development Shelby Pedersen said staffers and the public are pleased with the facility.
Her event winner came early in the competition.
Then there are those for whom the road is the office. Jason Stokes lives in St. Louis but works in quality improvement for a Dallas-based company that makes pumps and seals for oil wells and power plants. He visits projects all over the world.
While they were underground, a storm front passing through the area caused the barometric pressure to fall, allowing gas levels to creep back into the danger zone. After three hours of riding and walking, the teams had gotten tantalizingly close to the first rescue chamber -- within 500 feet -- when they were pulled back a second time.
Terms like coastal flooding, erosion and nor’easter have long been a part of the vocabulary of residents on the Shore.
The board called in the Highway Patrol to investigate a claim that Smith had summoned then-Chief Ron Henderson to the scene of an alleged domestic violence incident at his home in 1999.
GM's numbers don't provide a lot of evidence that such a shift took place. While the Cruze did significantly better than its predecessor the Cobalt did a year ago, sales of GM's trucks grew as well. Also, the Chevy Aveo subcompact posted a sales decline in March. GM plans to replace the Aveo with a new Michigan-built Sonic late this year.
Until then, though, just know Fernandez wants to be here.
On the day he celebrated his 26th birthday, Mets starter Dillon Gee (2-2, 4.85 ERA) survived a mid-game barrage to last seven innings, a vital number for after Friday night’s 18-run debacle. He flung a career-high 116 pitches and fanned seven batters, his highest total of punch-outs in a game since July 2, 2011.
I have an older Maytag, not an upscale Miele or Bosch, but the numerous special features and refinements to be found on pricey dishwashers (a top-of-the-line Miele costs more than $2,000) have little effect on loading technique.
øShelton, in working to restore the Fiesta Bowl's image, has personally met with numerous university presidents, his former peers. He hopes those ties, in addition to the relationships he forged in south Florida, will allow the Fiesta Bowl retain its status as an elite post-season college football bowl as the new playoff plan is developed during the next few months.
It's not your father's NBA.
The Police Department will eliminate three police officer positions that are now vacant. That is expected to result in extended response times to low priority calls for service and increased overtime for the officers who remain, Simmons wrote in an e-mail.
McAdoo said about 100 people were evacuated from the apartment building. He said firefighters would soon be letting some return to their homes.
"Here comes the spring, here comes the warm weather," he said, "and the soap opera begins."
But by 1989, the state began sending male, higher-security inmates there. Perryville now houses just under 3,500 inmates.
Samantha Barton, spokeswoman for Indianapolis-based MainGate, the Colts' merchandising partner, said there will be an ample supply of Luck jerseys.
Brecksville auto dealer Tom Ganley went on the air today with the first ad of his Republican congressional campaign against Copley Township Democratic Rep. Betty Sutton. His spokeswoman, Meghan Snyder, says its in "heavy rotation" in the Akron-Cleveland broadcast market.
Five years ago, no one talked about HPV.
The company, with a total workforce of 3,200, also has boosted spending on marketing, a trend that will continue, Shattock said.
"The governor and the state's attorneys in Maryland worked very hard to get this bill passed, because we really thought, and still think, that it is a great crime-fighting tool," Shellenberger said. "We feel like this is an important public safety measure that has been put in place in Maryland."
A little background information might help provide a better appreciation of what's going on.
The worst abuse happened in early April when Tamika went into the cafeteria. She had sensed something was wrong because students were staring at her.
Education inspires endless political rhetoric, but here's a measure that supplies the cash. The plan calls for $10.4 billion to be spent across the board to repair broken bathrooms and leaky roofs, replacing portable classrooms parked on asphalt with new classrooms, and expanding higher education from community colleges to the two state university systems. There is also $500 million for charter-school facilities and $100 million to spur eco-friendly green designs. Vocational schools and technical training would be eligible for another $500 million.
Also Monday, organizers announced that 70,000 tickets will be sold allowing access to the Olympic Park to watch the events on big screens, mainly in the first week before the track and field starts. Those tickets — which do not offer entry to the competition venues — will sell for 10 pounds ($16) and 5 pounds ($8) for those under 16 or over 60.
"No, honest, I wasn't nervous," said Groza. If so, he was the calmest man on the premises. "I was just thinking of fundamentals, going over in my mind what to do. I didn't want to make any mistakes."
Christie and Kasich also answered questions during a live internet session and, as has been the case for weeks, Christie was asked about presidential aspirations. His plans next week to go to Iowa — the first state to see ballots cast in the presidential primary season — heightened that chatter.
What she saw that day was no ordinary crowd of shoppers, but a throng police say jammed through the doors upon the store's opening in a mad dash for holiday savings, trampling a guard to death.
Argue about being late, and then begin to drag up old feuds from even before I was born.
Civil rights attorney and law professor Avery Friedman, who has represented employees for the last four decades, said he's not surprised about the increase in EEOC complaints about religious workplace issues.
The guard has not spoken to the media since Sunday. Scott said Gibson wants to return to working out and practicing, but is still waiting for medical clearance.
Then with 13:36 left in the half, Grote showed that passing isn't his only talent. A strong defensive play by Josh Cochran sent Grote down right wing again. He hit a rocket from about 15 yards out that found the far corner.
Beaverton put most of its cards and cash on the table this year, leaving little to cover the 2012-13 shortfall.
"What differentiates us from any other city is our history," Goodman said. "This is the story of America."
One exhibit shows a letter written by Patton to members of the 761st tank battalion, an all-black unit.
Cathcart said Lambda Legal receives many hundreds of calls annually from gays and lesbians reporting job discrimination -- justification, in his eyes, for keeping the heat on Obama despite his strong record on gay rights.
88': GOAL VANCOUVER! Camilo takes a pass from Jordan Harvey in the left side of the box, turns David Horst around, settles it and blasts a shot past Troy Perkins into the upper right corner. Portland leads 2-1.
Dozens of friends and community members who have never met Meagan have posted their memories and thoughts about Meagan's death on the "We love you Meagan Griffin" Facebook page.
The event will run from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Rock Creek Campus Event Center, 17705 NW Springville Road.
Depiro is associated with a Genovese family crew, formerly headed by powerful
That's when coach Jose Oquendo had an interesting suggestion for Greene: Don't choose a glove for the position; pick one based on his height.
Hollinger's characters tend to be single-note character types, but they're funny character types. The lively student actors in this UMBC production have fun indulging their stereotypical characters, and they occasionally find nuances beyond what one might expect from the, er, bare bones psychology in the script. The funniest actor of all, Brad Widener, is so manic that he makes Brother Martin seem borderline-psychotic.
øAll stock funds involve risk. But, thanks to the wonders of computers and the Internet, you can get a good idea of the risks you're taking when you buy a stock fund.
The meeting was not a direct response to allegations that Sgt. 1st Class Nadir Nassry and Trooper Joseph Ventrella escorted former Giants running back Brandon Jacobs and dozens of others in luxury sports cars to Atlantic City last month, said the sources, who requested anonymity because they were not allowed to discuss the investigation.
-- Quarterback Darron Thomas passed for 268 on 23-of-35 passing and a touchdown.
In one of the calls, a man reports that "they're wrestling right in the back of my porch. There's a black guy down. It looks like he's been shot and he's dead."
The Ducks announced Monday that UO coach Chip Kelly had dismissed Harris from the team for an undisclosed violation of team rules.
Forest City is banking on the casino to fill parking spaces and boost retail prospects at the Avenue at Tower City. During Friday's conference call, LaRue said the company is avoiding long-term leases at the mall and waiting to see what sort of traffic the casino attracts.
The damage to his huge feet came from wearing shoes that don't fit, said Vovkovinskiy, of Rochester, Minn.
"That means there are two of them now," Wycalek recalls the worker saying.
The monetary policy response from the U.S. Federal Reserve includes near zero interest rates, now expected to stay in place into 2014; $2.3 trillion worth of asset purchases, also referred to as quantitative easing, to keep interest rates low.
It was a picture-perfect morning at the end of April. OK, it was a bit on the toasty side: by race time, temperatures were flirting with the 70s. But that seemed to matter little to the nearly 2,000 runners and walkers who crowded Big Basin Way and Third Street before the "starting yell" sounded.
The city recently received a grant to help improve food choices at open markets, which have a large number of carryouts. It will start at Lexington Market downtown, where the city will help vendors find ways to offer better food choices and create menus that point out what is most nutritious at a food stand. It will also help them market the foods.
Hendricks stressed the proposed changes are designed to offer more options to Newark students and make the best use of the district’s buildings.
"When we wash the deck, if you don't close my hatch, I will dump water in your bunk. Also if find a bunk light on, you lose your light, and you'll have to do a dance or skit — I like show tunes." Then she adds a daily refrain, "Don't put toilet paper in the head," followed by, "Remember, have fun!"
"We gather here with mixed sentiments of triumph and also of great challenge," said the Rev. Wendell Anthony, president of the Detroit Branch NAACP, the organization that hosted the event at Cobo Center.
Griot Museum of Black History & Culture
"It's a difficult question," he replied. "There are a lot of undocumented people working and paying Social Security and they never collect it. They work at wages Californians wouldn't otherwise (accept) ... Then you have the ones who graduated from our schools and are making enormous contributions ... So you've got to net out. What the net is, is a matter of dispute. Conservatives say it's one thing and more liberal-minded people say it's another."
"This was an ugly recession," Donovan said. "I always thought 1980 was bad, but this was a lot worse. This one was global."
Of the six proposed dispensaries, only two have found a home. Greenleaf Compassion Center has secured a location in Montclair, and Compassionate Care Foundation Inc. has signed a lease in Westampton in Burlington County, center officials said.
Rocky River Brewery, Rocky River
6 ounces fresh baby spinach
The Sacramento-based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation announced Wednesday it plans to petition the 3rd District Court of Appeal today for an order telling the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation to resume executions with a lethal injection of a single drug instead of the three-drug cocktail that was in use before a federal judge in San Jose imposed a moratorium on the state's death penalty.
"Involving yourself in the things you want to be focused on makes you stronger in those areas," Alber says. "You know how an exercise teacher is always in good shape."
Robert Botto also expects to tighten the budget at his Swedesboro-based Italian restaurant.
Back at the beginning of the 20th century, there was much to do -- not the least of which was to introduce ethical standards to an industry in which fraud was common.
The Romney campaign aired Spanish-language ads in Florida before that state's primary in January but has not run any since. The Republican-leaning super PAC American Crossroads ran Spanish-language ads criticizing Obama in several battleground states in 2011 but has not done so this year.
Martindale uses the same meat-and-bone idea on the six-hour braised Kobe short ribs ($26). One bone protruded from the center of the disk of gooey, rich meat. It was set in the center of a shallow bowl on soft white polenta and an inky meat sauce given a faux Asian sensibility with hoisin and sake. The dish was good, but needed a scattering of sugar snap peas or other crunchy vegetable to break the monochromatic look and texture.
But going to Disney is one of the easier ones to plan. We know where we want to go, where we want to eat.
— A 30-year-old Pitman man was arrested on active Washington Township and Glassboro warrants totaling $1,125 during a vehicle stop at 7 p.m. March 18 on Woodland Avenue. Ptl. Matthew Perry made the arrest. The man posted bail and was released.
Hobbies: "Watching movies. And me and my teammates will go for long runs."
Too bad that when we finally see some bipartisan cooperation, it's in the form of everyone selling out their principles to prevent a billionaire from leaving town.
Laine, 18, who idolizes Lambert and aspires to be a country star herself, sang the song as fellow contestant Hollie Cavanagh, also among this week's bottom two singers, wiped away tears knowing it was her friend's final number.
ø"There have been very good players. There have been very good teams. There will continue to be. The league will be as strong as it's ever been next year. That's where we are until July 2013."
Meyer argued that the defense lawyers took the juror’s comments out of context and analyzed them separately from the rest of her statements in which she said that she set aside her personal feelings to follow the law and the judge’s instructions.
"McLeod victimized law-enforcement agents and other government employees who dedicated their lives to the service of this country," Eric Bustillo, director of the SEC's Miami regional office, said in a statement. "The victims gave years of public service and McLeod stole their futures."
If, for example, Portland offered one of their two 2012 lottery picks for Varejao, wouldn't GM Chris Grant have to take a deal like that? -- Leslie Marchak, Sagamore Hills, Ohio
The only repeating Davis couldn't care about is the champion.
a native Californian with bleached blond hair, drew particular attention for her breakout performance in the World Cup matches.
Akridge had them right where she wanted them -- attentive, engaged, excited.
Basic Word Processing: 3 to 4:30 p.m. at the Shaker Library, 16500 Van Aken Blvd., Shaker Heights. Must register. Call 216-991-2030, Ext. 6.
-- Dirty Projectors, Wye Oak, 8 p.m. July 17, $20-$22.50, on sale at 5 p.m. Friday
While it's too early in the season to label a game as a must-win, the Portland Timbers' home game against Chivas Saturday night comes awfully close.
Fallout from massive hoarding cases has a much broader impact. In summer 2007, nearly 800 cats were seized at For the Love of Cats and Kittens (FLOCK) in Pahrump, Nev.
Here, you will have a chance to stand in the very spot - marked with an "X" and once kissed by Bob Dylan, a tour guide said - where in July 1954, a 19-year-old Elvis was in Sun's only recording room with musicians Bill Black and Scotty Moore. The session was not going well, and frustrated Sun owner Sam Phillips went out back for a smoke. The boys began goofing around with a version of Arthur Crudup's blues song, "That's All Right, Mama."
Hirsch found his subjects through a variety of means. Kelby, a 16-year-old from Oklahoma, came to his attention after her parents wrote to the "Ellen" show about their daughter's experience with bullies after coming out as a lesbian. He found the film's more tragic cases through news reports. Then there's Alex, a sweet, socially awkward 12-year-old from Sioux City, Iowa, who Hirsch easily identified as a bully target on the first day of shooting.
Experts have said numerous financial safeguards broke down or simply didn't exist in the city of just under 16,000. For one, Crundwell had almost complete control over finances, authorities said. She also picked up the city's mail to keep city officials from learning about the secret bank account she used to funnel herself the money, investigators alleged Tuesday. When she took a vacation, she had a relative handle the chore, they said.
"For a motorcyclist, you need time and space around you," Gladden added. "When you're lane splitting, you decrease your time and space cushion."
Gingrich requested Secret Service protection last month. He was scheduled to campaign Wednesday in Alabama following his win in neighboring Georgia, Gingrich's home state. Alabama's primary is March 13.
Aberdeen Central at Watertown, 7:30 p.m.
√ Vera Silva-Adelino 1,066
The victim was 19. His name was not released.
Much of "Midnight in Peking" centers on the police investigation — a joint effort by a Chinese police chief and a detective from Scotland Yard — and a quest by Werner's father to find the killer after the police stopped trying.
I hold no illusions I will be doing anything close to what Santos "Sandy" Cageao is doing this weekend -- officiating a high-school district wrestling tournament three months after open-heart surgery. But I am not discouraged, because comparing myself or anyone else to Cageao seems laughable. There is no measuring up to him.
After about a year he quit standing in the cockpit door as a regular thing. He never picked out anyone who made him so wary he wouldn’t fly. Still, today, he gets an electric twinge every now and then from someone who boards. Not enough to mention it to anyone. But it’s there.
Surprisingly, out of the 74 potential jurors who were questioned this week about their views on undercover work, all but one said they were fine with it.
More positively, Schulte said the group hopes to agree on procedural changes such as standard amortization schedules for the different pensions.
Both the U.S. and Chinese governments have declined to comment on Mr. Chen's whereabouts. His escape will loom over talks that begin Thursday between Chinese officials and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner over a range of economic and political issues.
The lenders and Mr. Falcone's representatives are in talks to extend a waiver on debt-term violations that expires Monday morning, the people said. ...
May 11, 2012 02:11 AM EDT
The two women were taken to nearby University Medical Center where they are improving, according to the release.
He normally parks in the front, where David Caouette, in his car and reportedly on his cell phone, was killed.
1 to 2 tablespoon chopped cilantro
The Marquette branch of the YMCA in downtown St. Louis will close at the end of the month, according to an executive at the fitness center.
They continued talking by phone after the conference ended. Booker flew out to California a week or two later. They talked about his making a large donation, contingent on the mayor’s raising matching funds.
Cycling Giro d'Italia 8 a.m. USN
But that doesn’t mean that Groundhog Day isn’t worth celebrating.
He could be joined on March 13 by prospective free agents Jason Campbell of Oakland, Matt Flynn of Green Bay, Kyle Orton of Kansas City and Alex Smith of San Francisco. The Packers (Flynn) still can use a franchise tag to keep their quarterback. The 49ers can't, because they used the tag on safety Dashon Goldson. The Saints' Drew Brees was taken off that market Saturday when he received the ‘‘franchise'' tag.
Hamid Khan, executive director of the South Asian Network in Artesia, said the registration policy created a lot of fear and resulted in the deportation of many people without terrorist links. "It became a clear reminder of how communities are criminalized and how race and racial identity are how people get identified," he said.
-- Whites: 15 % (26,165 students).
Romney has staked his candidacy on his ability to create jobs, but Obama said his rival was merely doing the bidding of the conservative powerbrokers in Congress and has little understanding of the struggles of average Americans.
The late afternoon turnout is lower in Brooklyn, where about five people, not counting campaign aides, sit at a rectangular table. Rather than stand, as she did in Brook Park, Kaptur sits with them for a more intimate chat. Instead of discussing past votes, she shares a few personal stories, breaking the ice by telling them how she was the first in her family to attend college.
Tommy's took the spirit to a new level in San Francisco - when most still expected to find a worm in the bottom of the bottle - so it wins by a margin in this square. Still, with Aziza, Ton Kiang and Pizzetta 211 in the same stretch of the central Richmond, it wasn't an easy choice.
LATEST RELEASE: "Megachurch 2: Judgment Day" album
Instead, the state has planned a network of optional toll lanes. By keeping the toll high enough to keep out drivers who can’t afford it, these lanes offer one thing available nowhere else: reliable free flow, even at rush hour.
Lindsey cited other faith-healing cases that resulted in probation, including one from Minnesota, in which a young girl died of diabetes, and one from Oregon, in which a boy died of leukemia.
Cline acknowledged that he has tax issues. In July, the IRS issued a $493,000 tax lien against him.
Laguna's historic resources
"Each of those ways is a legitimate representation but it means something different," he said.
Q: Do you have a lot of experience cooking at home?
On Saturday after his Eagles' 29-22, come-from-behind victory over Hoehne at Brazelton Field to win the Class 1A 8-man championship, Holmes couldn't hold it in any longer.
"We would have lost Stephany to another client if we did not extend her assignment with us," Moran wrote. "I believed it was in the best interest of the hospital to extend her contract and so I did."
That being the case -- and nobody argues that it isn't -- there are two broad ways for the government to address its spiraling health care costs. One, shift more of those costs to recipients, by trimming benefits and/or extending eligibility ages and indexing eligibility to personal income. This is politically unpalatable, particularly to most Democrats, President Barack Obama being a conspicuous exception.
Tom Baffuto, executive director of The Arc of New Jersey, a family advocacy group that worried the legislation would inhibit the closing of institutions, said the governor made the bill much better.
The city struggles to adapt to its peculiar topology and legacies of industrial pollution while seeking to be a steward of prominent natural resources such as the Sandy and Columbia rivers. In particular, Troutdale has shown itself to be a smart player in managing some nasty brownfield sites whose hard use preceded environmental regulation by decades. A prime example is the conversion of the former Alcoa aluminum plant campus near I-84, once a toxic Superfund site, to the current FedEx regional hub -- a sensible, comparatively clean and profitable use of the land.
“Rising ARPU means the carriers are able to increase data pricing, which is good for the industry,” Walter Piecyk, an analyst at BTIG LLC in New York who rates AT&T shares neutral. Piecyk also said the upgrade rate -- when users trade in old phones for new ones at a subsidized price -- slowed to 7 percent from 11.9 percent in the fourth quarter.
"We had nothing when we got married," Irene says. "In Mexico, it would have been impossible for us to make a living, or get a roof over our head, a home. I wanted more for my future children."
Spencer knows opponents aren't going to extend any mercy to the expansion team, even in the preseason.
During the campaign, the unions argued that it was an issue of tax fairness and that the well-to-do could afford to pay more. Business leaders said it would drive business investors out of the state and hurt job creation. The same debate continues to play out nationally, both in Congress and on the presidential campaign trail.
Afghan and Western officials said insurgents were aware of how easy it was to blend in with the crush of daily traffic in and out of the city.
And yet, Canfora doesn’t make this Jewish mother a stereotype. Rachel can be maddening, but in different ways from the ones to which inferior writers gravitate. Adding to the freshness of the character is the sincere and honest performance by Kathleen Goldpaugh.
Except that it's new. McCarthy told me he had replaced the old bar's Formica countertop and taken out the fluorescent lighting. And he'd raised expectations by promising an upscale tavern. Though Lighthouse doesn't look like a "liquor store" anymore (his words to describe Sports Cafe), it hasn't settled on a look that is modern or upscale, and so it fails to meet its own standards.
Sixty-two percent of women in childbearing age use contraceptives. The pill is No. 1, followed by sterilization of women, then by sterilization of men.
BEACHWOOD -- Developers Diversified Realty Corp. (NYSE: DDR) lost $34.8 million during the first quarter and reported lower funds from operations, as the company continued to focus on filling shopping-center space, cutting debts and shoring up its balance sheet.
The pension payments are in addition to an 11.7 percent increase in state health benefit costs for towns and a 5.7 percent hike for school boards.
Cascia Hall, Okla., 6,Master's Academy 2
øWords of wisdom: "We tend to want to shoot past that because it's not as romantic," says Union, 39. "But I don't think there's anything more romantic than two people who are very clear about each other's wants, needs, desires, expectations, passions and what you will and won't stand for."
That's 25 years from now, and Mary Lou Zoback, a geophysicist and coordinator of the U.S. Geological Survey's earthquake hazards program, is more definite. She's 53 years old and on Monday she put it simply: "A damaging earthquake will happen here within my lifetime, I'm quite certain," she said. "Truly, there's no safe place to hide here in the Bay Area."
All of that led to the brief Boxer Rebellion, in which Yanez and Molina went AWOL shortly before the Games. Others who stayed in camp quietly supported the walkout.
When Susan Derex went to kindergarten in the 1960s, finger painting, story time and half-day programs were the rule.
This isn't the first time Nokia is making a PC. It made a wide range of products, including computers, before focusing on cell phones. It sold its computer division in 1991.
In some instances, voters who show up have few decisions to make because there are few contested races.
Have you ever seen such a lackluster, uninspiring group of challengers in your life? I really try not to pay too much attention to labels such as Democrat or Republican, as the parties have more in common than differences. That being said, are there no moderate, innovative, bold thinkers with good communication skills in the GOP? Can they deliver a candidate who does not believe that blacks and Latinos are all looking for a handout? Apparently not, so they had to resurrect three Lazarus-like candidates in Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney.
Starring: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Scarlett Johansson.
If the two-hour event was any indication, the Timbers will have little trouble re-integrating into the Portland community.
Today, I write for Sandy, who works at a Catholic hospital in Baltimore. She came to me seeking help for her heavy, long periods. Oral contraceptives would have altered her quality of life dramatically, but because her insurance would not cover birth control, she couldn't fill the prescription.
In view of the fact that Missouri's Republican legislators are doing their very best to turn our society into an Ayn Rand novel of some sort, it would be good for Missouri military veterans to get all they can get before we're all living in a communal hovel. God bless our veterans!
The Woodland Hills, Calif.-based company paid fines to Connecticut and Vermont after waiting more than six months in 2009 to inform 1.5 million people that it lost their private information. As part of a lawsuit settlement, Health Net was to notify Connecticut officials anytime the privacy of its customers is compromised.
It was Mullins' third trip through a treatment system sponsored by the state through the Health Professionals Services Program, which touts itself as an "alternative to board discipline." Under state law, health practitioners and their employers must report drug abuse to their licensing board or the program, according to HPSP's website.
The Reds, however, couldn't get two games over .500 for the first time since June 29, 2011.
What is the best birthday celebration you ever had?
1/4 teaspoon Sriracha chile sauce
Hayes by then had hired Marc Blackman, one of the state's best-known criminal defense attorneys.
But sea urchin fisherman, worried about their economic interests, have been the most outspoken foes of allowing otters to return. It's the provision related to shellfish harvests that's at the heart of the bill, advocates say.
The Times notes that Fiat 500s, manufactured by Chrysler in Mexico, are being marketed in China ( sfg.ly/JYJeGP).
The Jr. Bills will face another stiff test Wednesday when they host Vianney, which won the Fort Zumwalt South Tournament.
So here's who to watch for mentions of Schlafly beers:
Gold nugget: Also known as ring gold, like a wedding band. It signifies that the wine will be deep, warm and rich.
"If you have lost your job, you should be spending your time attempting to find new work and providing for your family as best you can, not doing drugs," said Shawn Ryan, a spokesman for Renacci. He stressed that states would decide for themselves whether to conduct drug tests.
The FBI in Portland has repeatedly declined to comment, saying it cannot out of concern for privacy rights. Beth Anne Steele, an FBI spokeswoman, maintained that "our agents are very specifically trained and very clearly trained on what is acceptable under U.S. law. And we greatly value people's rights under the U.S. Constitution."
Steve Bukovac* (D) 722
The federal government reached a settlement with three of the publishers, Hachette, HarperCollins and Simon & Shuster. But it will proceed with its lawsuit in federal court in New York City against Apple and Holtzbrinck Publishers, doing business as Macmillan, and Penguin Publishing, doing business as Penguin Group.
Though Schreiner teaches the class, Soul'd Out is very much a student-driven enterprise. Members decide which songs to perform and help with choreography and arranging.
In other instances, he said, a local company bidding on a job elsewhere might have been overlooked because of the corruption investigation going on in its hometown. There's simply no way of knowing.
Cindy Keitch, retail in-store channel director, said Huntington expects to create more than 100 new jobs this year, with a half-dozen workers at each branch.
That's a real-life murder, pal, not some made-up movie plot. (Although, this being Los Angeles, where fact and fiction can quickly meld, it eventually became a feature film.) In its day, the Black Dahlia case — still unsolved — created a media frenzy: Think O.J. Simpson trial to the nth degree.
CyberOptics, which traded around $15 in 2006, fell to $5 per share at the bottom of the recession in 2009. It has traded between $8 and $10 per share lately.
"Hayward is a huge, huge key," Gentry said.
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP — Authorities identified two men suspected in a string of armed robberies at cell phone store in Middlesex County and identified a third suspect being sought for the robbery.
Her menstrual cycles normalized and she became pregnant twice, with a healthy baby girl each time.
Good on you for reading the package insert. You've asked exactly the right question. Our answer is yes: Delay the flu shot until three days after your wife finishes her prescription. The main reason: The steroids could weaken her response to the vaccine, making it less effective.
Help your child stay active by planning family outdoor activities on a regular basis; encourage him or her to sign up for sports and social groups at school; and limit computer time to homework PLUS no more than 30 minutes of Facebook or other social sites a day. But our best advice is what Aunt Tillie used to say to her bookworm nephew (wonder who that was): "Honey, you really need to get out more." Real social interaction and real physical activity make your RealAge younger and set your child -- and your whole family -- up for healthier habits for life.
WESTMINSTER – Expressing sympathy for employees who will be laid off in the coming months, the City Council voted to offer them a severance package with a lump sum distribution and some other benefits.
“The advantage of party loyalty is impossible to overstate,” the mayor said in a meeting last week with The Post’s editorial board.
"It's just absurd," Hong told The Record through a translator. “All her dreams and her life were taken away.” Read the full story »
Sure, the concept has been around forever, but thanks to recent innovations in materials, crafters are approaching the genre as an art form with therapeutic qualities.
"We have been developing air-spring technology since 1939 when Harvey Firestone and Henry Ford teamed up," said Todd Green, regional sales manager for Firestone Industrial Products' Ride-Rite Division. "Our light-duty products are an offshoot of what semis use. They help compensate for trailer weight and allow customers to use their vehicles to their full potential. The suspension can work as unloaded."
CFA Society of Cleveland Luncheon and Webcast: Noon to 1:30 p.m. at Sammy's Metropolitan Ballroom, 925 Euclid Ave., 21st Floor of Huntington Building, Cleveland. "Russia: What it is really like and how to make money investing there," presented by Timothy Enneking, chairman of Altima Asset Management. Free for members, $20 for nonmembers. Go to cfacle-altima.eventbrite.com/ to register.
For Panchot, one of the highlights was seeing the professional games, particularly one where Barcelona's Messi scored four goals to lead his team to a 5-1 victory.
The top cop in a California town that has become a poster child for a well-intentioned medical-marijuana law gone wrong has some advice for Colorado legislators.
Still, the voluminous detail Bosworth unearths is so car-wreck fascinating, you can't help rubber-necking to see the bodies.
BOSTON, Mass. — No banners or retired jerseys hung in the rafters here Thursday night, although the laundry is famous.
Notes: It was a bittersweet night for Miller. He struggled late, committing his only two turnovers in the fourth quarter, and finished with seven points on 3-of-14 shooting. But he recorded five assists, giving him 6,957 for his career to move ahead of Bob Cousy (6,955) into 14th place on the NBA's all-time assist list. ... Marcus Camby injured his right ankle with 4:19 left when he tried to block a Bryant reverse layup and landed awkwardly. He is expected to undergo X-rays today. He winced noticeably while putting on his shoe after the game. ... The Blazers released center Jarron Collins after the game, deciding not to sign him for the rest of the season. He was playing with the Blazers on his second 10-day contract. ... The Blazers shot 38.6 percent Sunday. Matthews was held scoreless for the first time this season. ... LaMarcus Aldridge had 18 points and six rebounds.
The compact Cruze that the Lordstown workers will build replaces the compact Cobalt in Chevrolet's lineup. And for the first time, Reuss said, GM has a small car that "blows away its competitors." GM is showing confidence that it will be a success by increasing production capacity even before the car goes on sale.
I believe that the political parties would benefit from open, or even semi-closed, primaries. As we've seen in the last several presidential elections, the battle for the Oval Office is not won among the heart of the political parties, but among the voters who don't belong to either party.
øThey know him as the oldest world champion.
Executives listened to the three finalists and chose McKeague for his range and his ability to embody the duck.
The new version of Hyundai's popular crossover will be two models: a 184.6-inch-long five-passenger model and a 193.1-inch-long seven-seater. The two models even have different wheelbases -- 106.3 and 110.2 inches, respectively.
Grants for dog rescue: Dog shelters and rescue groups can apply for Innovation Grants ranging from $10,000 to $25,000 from the Pedigree Foundation by "demonstrating real innovation and out-of-the box thinking for raising awareness, volunteerism, donations and, ultimately, dog adoptions."
GM announced Tuesday that it will build a new stamping plant in Arlington, Texas, adjacent to the facility that makes the company's full-sized sport utility vehicles. GM said by making its stamped parts on site near Dallas, it expects to save $40 million per year in transportation costs.
“I was poor then,” Hicks said. “There were days when ice cream was dinner.”
An Oregon State Police SWAT team is involved in a negotiation with an individual barricaded inside a cabin in the Crescent Lake area.
Bean lost her assembly-line position when the Daisy BB bullet factory shut down in Salem, Mo. She'd like a permanent factory job but knows she can't be picky.
San Diego firefighter Arsenio "RC" Ortanez, 46, a Filipino who has leukemia and is scheduled to receive a bone marrow transplant in May, is the inspiration for the drive, fire Capt. George Duardo said.
James Hinchcliffe earned his best career start at second, in 1:10.52, followed by Scott Dixon (1:10.53) and Mike Conway (1:10.68).
But for Quick, it really doesn’t matter who’s in the other net. He has learned to narrow his focus to simply stopping each shot and not allowing himself to be worried about anything else, like who's in net at the other end.
"As the City of Portland continues to discuss how Last Thursday should evolve, KNA hopes that the solution leads to a responsible body administering the event," King blogger Trace Salmon wrote when he posted the letter on the neighborhood association website.
Prices: Appetizers $9-$16; entrees $21-$48; desserts $7-$8
"I'm speechless. To be a finalist among such fine artists is such an honor," Porterfield said Saturday night. A panel of four outside jurors chose Porterfield, who competed with four other finalists, all of whom are visual artists from the Baltimore region.
The Colts' general manager isn't worried about whether Luck or Griffin can handle the pressures of stepping into the large shadow left by four-time league Most Valuable Player Peyton Manning.
DES MOINES, Iowa — Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum waged a seesaw battle for supremacy in Iowa's Republican presidential caucuses late Tuesday night, and the dramatic contest ended early this morning with Romney emerging as the winner — by a mere 8 votes.
Some voters agreed. Charles Yates of Westminster, an African-American lawyer, said the sloppiness of the calls insulted him.
Mullens is expected to have a media availability in Eugene this afternoon. Kelly is recruiting, and has not been available for comment.
1225 Woodland Point Dr #I, $77,000
Lungren spoke to me about his vision for campaign finance law. He offers a free market and deregulated approach to campaign money, with a few twists. It's a vision that advocates of campaign finance reform would oppose.
"This is what I'd been hoping for," White said by cellphone. "I'm happy. I just hate that it had to come to this and be as drawn out as long as it did."
He outlived his wife, the former Elizabeth V. Lux.
MIAMI -- As soon as Patrick Corbin threw his first major league pitch Monday, his nerves began to settle. The final pitch of the first inning made him feel even better.
Tebow is the fifth winner of the Campbell Trophy to be selected in the first round of the NFL draft.
"You know, I really didn't pay much attention to the (Holmgren) comments, but we did what we thought was in the best interest of our organization from a trade value," Fisher said. "And that was just quite simple. They may have disagreed with their offer and its value vs. the offer we got from Washington and its value. But we never shopped back and forth. We met separately with both clubs."
Spirit Airlines just announced that starting Nov. 6, it will charge customers up to $100 to put a bag in the overhead bin (the fee is $45 if the passenger pays for the bag at the ticket counter).
Q: What is lapse rate?
The Barcelona forward set the mark with his third goal in the 4-1 victory over Malaga in the Spanish league at the Camp Nou, surpassing the 67-goal mark Mueller set for Bayern during the 1972-73 season.
Freese enrolled at the University of Missouri.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. is cutting 6,500 employees -- about 9 percent of its work force -- as it follows up on a plan announced in May to eliminate thousands of jobs to reduce costs and raise profits.
"It's just very shocking. We're all like, 'No way – that's not him.'"
"The biggest impact that I'd say happened to me in my entire life is my daughter," Tierney said. "My daughter affected me on levels that is very difficult for me to articulate. You want to talk about a driving motivation -- as cheesy as it may sound and as cliche as it may sound -- but looking at that little girl gives me a perspective like nothing I've had in my life. She's my motivation. Every day, I am the best I can be."
Series history: The Blazers hold a 55-47 all-time edge in the series, but the Pistons own a 30-21 edge in Detroit. The Blazers have won five consecutive games in the series, including a 100-78 victory Nov. 9 at the Rose Garden. Aldridge had 19 points and 17 rebounds in the win.
Privately run Shamrock, Bashas' and Harkins are still run by relatives of the founders. Although U-Haul International is a publicly traded company, family members are also involved.
2. One World Trade Center becomes New York City's tallest skyscraper Monday
"I had a direct benefit because we hired an amazing athletic trainer and we got a meal service," Reutter said. "It was beneficial to our team and it helped my experience, just getting that support.
New Hampshire and Texas have a very high property tax, equal to or higher than New Jersey’s. Alaska has huge income from the oil companies and pays an annual cash bonus to all of its citizens. Florida is still recovering from the collapse of the housing market. I could go on, but I think my point has been made.
Hundreds of people are expected to participate in much more public prayer services across Orange County on Thursday. Federal law sets aside the first Thursday in May as a Day of Prayer, when people "may turn to God in prayer and meditation at churches, in groups, and as individuals."
Royals left-hander Jonathan Sanchez was no match for Lowe. Sanchez gave up four runs on four hits in 4-2/3 innings, walked seven and whiffed five.
The Giants were outplayed by the Colts a week ago. Today, they were their own worst enemies -- undermining their attempts to pick up a home victory with a flurry of penalties and turnovers in a 29-10 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
"They are in serious threat of being destroyed. We expect waves up and over the boardwalk," he said.
The Taliban also declared that today will mark the start of its annual spring offensive, which it said would target foreign troops, Western contractors and members of the government of President Hamid Karzai.
As a former foreign correspondent for three years in South America, I met people from across the political spectrum who, while they may not have agreed with Castro, admired him for having stood up to what is widely thought of in the region as the bullying tactic of the 50-year-old U.S. trade embargo.
Jason Sirney of the Sacramento Office of Emergency Services will discuss seniors and emergency preparedness at the monthly Sacramento County Adult and Aging Commission meeting, scheduled Aug. 24.
Here's the music schedule for the diverse bands and singers in the line-up:
746 Leland Av, $1,000
Where: JW Marriott, 10 S. West St.
Gingrich exited with typical disorder. First he was pre-empted by an aide, who announced last week that the candidate would quit. This week, Gingrich pre-empted himself, making a video on Tuesday to give supporters "insider advance notice." That left little mystery on Wednesday afternoon, only the contradiction of having Gingrich, who campaigned against Washington and the national media, making his formal announcement inside the Beltway to the national media.
"We're just this wonderful hotbed of open source, brew-your-own-softwareville," said Harvey Mathews of the Software Association of Oregon. "It's a tight community, so we all help each other out. Which isn't the case in lots of other industries."
The writing-directing team of Geoff Moore and David Posamentier will put these globetrotting actors through their paces in Maryland. Helping them navigate will be Catonsville born-and-bred Tim Suhrstedt, the film's cinematographer. With credits like "Office Space" and "Little Miss Sunshine," Suhrstedt has become a go-to guy for quirky comedy.
Now, he says, those who get the breaks must prove their worth, or they go way.
"After the second (game), the girls just looked defeated, like they were down and out," Liberty coach Courtney Johnson said. "But we told them to pick your heads up, change your faces and go out there and celebrate after every point. And they did that. That was the switch right there."
Now, almost 16 percent of Aurora's 335,105 residents are black, up from 13 percent in 2000.
The Lock House Museum will take guests back in time as re-enactors on both American and British sides conduct demonstrations, exhibitions and drills from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the museum, 817 Conesteo St.
for Asian-Americans
West Windsor-Plainsboro North continues to lead the CVC Colonial Division, as does Hopewell Valley in the Patriot Division.
Originally Skenes planned to change the menu every night, but on my three visits the menu was basically the same. Skenes says when the crew is fully comfortable in the surroundings, the offerings will change completely once a month.
Meanwhile, Scott Paterno said his father's diagnosis came after a follow-up visit for a bronchial illness.
He said they went into neighborhoods with populations from "countries of interest" to observe individuals in public places and establishments. Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said the officers did no more than any citizen can do in the U.S. and around the world.
"I think I'm OK where I am," Mulally said. As the heads of GM and Chrysler pledged to work for $1, Mulally kept a compensation package that paid him nearly $18 million for his work in 2008.
The revised restructuring plan would also give the government, which has already provided CIT $2.3 billion in aid, a 5.4 percent stake in CIT, up from the 2.4 percent proposed in the original plan.
Measure 49 was intended to roll back development allowed under the earlier measure. Property owners who had filed claims under Measure 37 were given the option to build one to three homes under an "express" process, to build four to 10 homes using a complicated appraisal method, or to finish a project begun under Measure 37 if they could prove they had a "vested right" to continue.
My favorite post is called Yuan Fen, which is a Chinese word that means something like "fate." Yuan Fen explains everything about why we meet whom we meet and why we love whom we love. I love picking up these great words and expressions in our travels
"There are a lot of criminals who end up trying to go to work in long-term care and that places those residents at risk," said Martin Kennedy, director of the Division of Continuing Care Providers with the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in Baltimore. "Our elders are among our most vulnerable people."
Contributing to this report were Associated Press photographer Eric Risberg in Oakland, and AP writers Samantha Gross, Colleen Long and Verena Dobnik in New York, Christina Hoag in Los Angeles, Peter Prengaman and Kate Brumback in Atlanta, Doug Glass in Minneapolis and Sophia Tareen in Chicago.
Live video footage showed oil spewing uninterrupted out of the top of the blowout preventer, but Allen said it was unclear whether the flow had increased.
The only problem was that the slope was awfully steep.
Re "Environmental group sues to halt killing practices of federal wildlife agency" (Page A1, May 2):
Greece, Ireland and Portugal all required international bailouts after their own borrowing rates passed 7 percent. The Italian economy would not be so easy to save. It totals $2 trillion, twice as much as the other three countries combined.
Oregon, which decided not to go to the Penn Relays this weekend, will send a handful of distance runners to Stanford.
At about 2:30 a.m., they spotted a young African American man - about 5 feet 8 and wearing a red baseball cap and light-green jacket - hacking away with big red shears.
Karl Lagerfeld, by contrast, decided to embrace the downturn. Mr. Lagerfeld chose the more intimate setting of Cambon-Capucines Pavilion for his event instead of Paris's Grand Palais. Guests sat at round tables surrounded by columns festooned with paper flowers. Mr. Lagerfeld said he cut the VIP section to create "equality in an unfair world."
The records used by The Star may include doctors who no longer practice in Kansas or Missouri, but also may exclude doctors who had malpractice histories in other states before practicing in Kansas or Missouri.
Gathering votes for Assembly leadership is no easy task, and a few weeks can seem like an eternity. Geography, gender and race all play a role.
According to the Muncie Star Press, the university is considering reducing the number of areas where people can smoke.
Among the candidate's larger stands is his support for changes in the law that would make it easier for a single party to have an absolute majority in the lower house of Mexico's Congress, raising the prospect of a country where the PRI, which already governs most states, could hold the levers of powers in all levels of government - as it did for most of the last century.
Now, the conservancy and a handful of community organizations and city agencies are teaming up to organize the Greater Forest Park Conservation Initiative, which will protect the park and surrounding areas, as well as continue efforts to reduce invasive species within the park.
At the same time, Warren has said she wasn't aware officials at Harvard Law School had promoted her as a Native American faculty member in the 1990s, even though academic directories from 1986-95 indicated Warren had identified herself as a "minority law teacher" before being hired by Harvard.
1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes with basil
Judges included Chef James Conroy of ShopRite; Tom Brennan of 90.5 The Night; 2010 Munchers Dean Martin, Lenny Niro and Kim Bost and yours truly, who drove the Munchmobile to the race track and greeted many Munch fans and followers.
In the online note, Stack says he lived in southern California, worked as a "contract software engineer" and had been divorced and remarried. He says he moved to Austin to try his luck but ended up finding no work. He even blames the Federal Aviation Administration for costing him business by grounding air traffic after 9/11, preventing him from calling on clients.
This Queen Victoria did have its share of bad luck, but that aside, I preferred it to the Queen Mary 2, which I accompanied on its maiden voyage to the Caribbean in 2004.
April 21: Grand River Canoe & Kayak Race, 8 a.m., Harpersfield Dam, Harpersfield, Ashtabula County. A 8½-mile canoe and kayak race from the Harpersfield Dam to Hidden Valley Park (in Madison) on the wild and scenic Grand River. Annual tradition features a “maddest hat” contest. Visit lakemetroparks.com, call 440-358-7275 or 800-669-9226. Pre-registration required, fee applies.High water date is April 28.
Bryant scored 31 points, but Karl said that wasn't the reason Denver lost. The big reason Denver lost was the L.A. big men — including 6-foot-10 Jordan Hill, who some fans might not have even known was a member of the Lakers. Hill scored 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in 24 minutes of playing time. Gasol, like Bynum a 7-footer, flirted with a triple-double (13 points, eight rebounds and eight assists). And Bynum was Bynum, his 10 blocks tying him with Mark Eaton and Hakeem Olajuwon for the most ever in a playoff game.
Police recovered the Oregon flag.
"The paperwork and number of hoops you have to jump through and the backlash after the fact makes it virtually impossible" to use these measures, said Dae Peter Lee, a Metropolitan psychologist. "You'll get called into meetings, 'Why didn't you do this? Why didn't you do that?'"
Anne Dunning looked at Kriz and said: "He honored his father. He visited him every day in the nursing home. And you know something? He is just like his father." People nodded in agreement, and, I thought, she could not have said a nicer thing. I decided that the Last Man would have approved of this gathering.
Kansas State coach Frank Martin says forward Jordan Henriquez has been reinstated and is available for tonight's game at Texas Tech. Henriquez had been suspended indefinitely last week for conduct detrimental to the team.
NEW YORK — The Mets will pay tribute to Jose Reyes tonight at Citi Field with a high-definition video on the center-field screen before their game with the Marlins.
Douglas Wright, 26, of Indianapolis, took the lead from the start, according to a 21-page affidavit filed by the lead FBI agent on the case. The suspects started by thinking small, with plans to topple the signs of banks from atop downtown Cleveland skyscrapers. The plot included a diversionary tactic of smoke bombs exploded on the Veterans Memorial Bridge.
Metals prices were hit hard. Gold, silver, platinum and palladium all fell. Energy and agricultural products were mixed.
"None of us wanted her to marry him," she said, her voice cracking and struggling to hold back tears. "We did not like how he treated her."
The S60 back seat can feel confining, too, with just 33.4 inches of legroom compared with 36.1 inches in the 5-Series sedan.
3:11 p.m.: The court is having difficulty bring up videotape that James has requested.
All job applications will ask something about the applicant's possible experience with the military. Military experience should not be considered irrelevant, even if that experience may have been 15 or 20 years ago. Presidential Executive Order 11701 requires companies having federal government contracts to give preference to hiring veterans. They audit companies to make sure they give this preference. Thus, provide full information even if you think it is insignificant. Common application information for veterans includes: branch of service, discharge date, discharge type, training received, rank upon discharge and duties.
It was a strategic lesson for people now charged with spreading the gospel of pro soccer, sometimes a tributary of American spectator sports but not in the mainstream, that “things can change. Things have changed.”
øHe might have more success in Anaheim because the Ducks don't seem to have the core issues that Washington appears to have. The Capitals seem like the NHL's most dysfunctional family. There is no Alexander Semin in Anaheim, and certainly no megastar like Alex Ovechkin. No matter how much Boudreau evolved as a coach, he couldn't change the dynamic in Washington.
"I don't know where that last caution came from, but it was our saving grace," Busch said in Victory Lane. "It was a gift. We came down pit road and (crew chief) Dave Rogers and the guys went to work and gave us a great pit stop, got me out front.
"The Borgias," Season 1
That Mills has reached this position is nothing short of astonishing. The Blazers' management group didn't expect him to show up for training camp in the fall because rookie Armon Johnson had earned the Blazers' 15th and final roster spot during summer league. And even after he showed up, Mills' odds of making the team featured the words, "slim," and "none." He's not even listed in the Blazers' media guide.
"I try to have fun with what I do," she says. "It’s not easy to sell a book."
The other gravesite where many visitors linger—and teen-aged girls have been known to howl—is the marker for "J. Dawson." Jack Dawson, of course, was the name of Leonardo DiCaprio's fictional character in the film "Titanic." The real J. Dawson was Joseph, a 23-year-old Irish boiler-room worker.
Romney's victory here was widely expected. A successful businessman who served a term as governor of Massachusetts, a state dominated by Democrats, he was seen as a good fit with pragmatic Republicans here.
You can't barrel-age a cow or run beef through a "spinning cone" (a high-tech piece of winemaking equipment). But, inspired by the specialized diets of Kobe cattle, Figgins admits that he did start out feeding grape pomace (skins and seeds, left over from winemaking) to his cattle -- his sole exception to his rule of foraging only. Blind taste tests, however, showed no discernable difference. So he's back to composting his pomace and returning it to the soil at his vineyards.
TURNING POINT: The addition of Nene to the roster. The team instantly became smarter, more mature, and had a leader with a high basketball IQ to look up to. Nene's presence improved Wall's game, and backup center Kevin Seraphin suddenly had a role model. His game showed immediate improvement. Team chemistry improved, attitudes improved, and so did the level of teamwork.
It's early in the season, of course.
Knowing that Shadid lost his life shortly before this book was published makes each piece of tile he polished, each plant he nurtured, feel all the more significant. It also raises the question: Who will watch the house now that this exceptional man is gone?
Guard Jorge Gutierrez, the Pac-12 player of the year, was held to 10 points on 4-of-10 shooting. California managed only five field goals in the first half, when three of their points came off free throws.
A 6 1/2-hour hearing preceeded the vote, and while many of the same people who turned out for a Senate panel hearing last week showed up once again, the smaller crowd was far more vocal.
Manager Tony La Russa would not throw the term "core" around lightly. To him, the "core" was the tight nucleus of players that the team and the clubhouse orbited around and was held together by La Russa. Some days, La Russa would use the word "core" to describe the players invited to join his leadership counsel. Other times, La Russa would use "core" to describe players who received preferential treatment - whether that meant days off, spot in the lineup, or, say, the ability to call hit-and-runs from the batter's box. Just saying. At times, the "core" that La Russa referred to also included players who had the benefit of a multi-year contract.
Our initial thought was to take Small Plates and wherever we go -- Chicago, L.A. -- call it Small Plates Chicago, Small Plates L.A., and morph into the different locations. But right now, we've decided to go in a totally different direction and call it Small Plates Detroit wherever we go.
“Listen, we’re big boys. You cannot let your ego take over,” Elias said. “We have one goal here and that’s to win four hockey games against these guys and we’re going to do it by trying to fight them or slash them, hook them or be in the box more than them.
Here's what Rep. Don Wells, R-Cabool, the chairman of the Financial Institutions Committee, had to say about the closed process:
Davis said Cook would have to do a lot more than he's done so far to lift the contempt finding.
Hey, Jim: First, tell us, what was it like to play for the Raiders and Al Davis? OK, now to your question. What the heck is going on? Not a whole lot of good, that's for sure. The disconnect between fans and the Browns, which was created by the move of the old franchise to Baltimore, seemingly is wider than ever.
Cook paid $2.6 million in cash for the Van Dusen mansion, which resembles a castle with its thick pink limestone walls. It quickly became the Oxford Group's symbol of prestige.
More information is expected later today.
Imagine this: You've been losing some extra pounds (way to go!), but then you get a killer craving for, say, a chocolate, coconut-cake doughnut, 550 calories of sugar and fat. You can't stop thinking about that doughnut. What to do?
"I could see him leaning forward, looking in his side mirror, and then I saw the panic in the guy's face. It all happened in slow motion -- I didn't think it was going to fall on me. There was no escape. I could not breathe. My legs were crushed. I thought I was going to die."
Working together in assembly-line fashion, the volunteers combined rice, soy, dehydrated vegetables and a flavoring mix including 21 essential vitamins and minerals into small meal packets.
North Ward Councilman Anibal Ramos represents more constituents who own their homes.
F 10 Dijon Farr (6-6, Jr.): 6.3, 4.1 rpg
powers centuries ago, and involved protecting domestic industry while trying to dominate global trade to secure wealth and power. Critics of U.S. policy toward China, and before that policy toward Japan, argue that the U.S. should take steps to favor its own industries more.
Sunday's attendance of 9,501 humans (247 dogs also attended on Dog Day) pushed the IronPigs average through the first seven home games to 8,216, surpassing their previous high at this point of a season by 160 (8,046 in 2010).
The two men are the only ones with keys to vault, which has a brand new lock and is off-limits even to the payroll clerk who typically has access.
"He has all of the intangibles to go with being a very talented player. He is a driven and motivated talent that plays with physicality, toughness, enthusiasm and passion. He's the first player in the history of the state of Georgia to play in and win four straight state championships. He is a winner and has an unbelievably bright future."
It's long been seen as a hotbed of wasteful spending and patronage.
The details: It's only too easy to sneak Cabernet into Tuscan fare like Chianti. But the traditionally minded producer Montesecondo took the opposite approach - showing what Bordeaux grapes can do in Tuscan soil, unimpeded by the stylish winemaking that accompanies so much of the region's modern mind-set. Silvio Messana's biodynamically farmed Chianti estate includes plantings of Cabernet and Petit Verdot, which go into the 2009 Montesecondo Rosso del Rospo Toscana IGT ($25, 14%, Louis/Dressner Selections). Aged in steel tank, it shows beautiful loam and briar accents that radiate Chianti's calcareous terroir - through a different grape. A gorgeous reminder that Cab can still be a vehicle for great soils.
PERSONAL MOTIVES
I stared at the series of colorful, ghostly images that Gary froze on the screen and tried to pick an easy one. "Well, that's a computer or some electronic, there are wires, maybe a battery." The sharp edges were easy to pick out, and the recognizable pattern of a motherboard jumped out. "But I don't know about that big orange blob on top of it."
"For the first time in a long time, we're seeing kids stay on the farm," Sorte said. Enrollment in agriculture-related programs at Oregon State reflects the increased interest in farming. For the 2011 fall quarter, there were 1,793 majors in the College of Agricultural Sciences, compared with 1,141 in 2006 -- a percentage increase well above the overall growth of the university.
Democrats also cite Romney's call for tax cuts for the wealthy (along with other income groups) and his statements that he was a "severely conservative" governor of Massachusetts and "the ideal candidate" for the tea party movement.
At the same time, aides conceded he was making little or no effort in the caucuses in Maine that end this weekend, and they are still working on plans for competing in primaries in Michigan and Arizona on Feb. 28, as well as the delegate-rich, 10-state Super Tuesday a week later.
"It’s a melodic bossa with a pop hook," she says. "Lara Ballerina," for her daughter, will also be on the bill. "Lara was twirling around the living room and this melody popped into my head. It starts classical, then launches into a jazz waltz."
This time, the team of 10 from the “highlands” area of Chatham Township completed The American Odyssey Relay traveling from Gettysburg, Pa. to Washington, D.C.
Dessert has been a work in progress. As of now they're all made in house, ice creams and sorbets included: A luscious kahlua creme brulee ($6) and a poached pear and apple puff pastry tart ($6) show a sure hand with sweets as well.
The announcement, which came less than a week before the ruling party is due to select the sixth prime minister in the past five years, puts fresh pressure on political leaders to repair the country's finances—by some measures the worst in the industrialized world.
Schlereth acknowledged he needed to regain strength in his arm.
"Early that day or the day before, he had gone to the DMV and obtained a driver's license with Jerome's name (and his own photo)," Cooper said.
I wrote the mayor's office many times. I wrote anyone I could at Chicago Public Schools.
Amare Stoudemire cut his left hand in a postgame incident. The Knicks did not immediately release any details on how it happened, and coach Mike Woodson — who saw the cut — declined to offer specifics.
The building showcased McLean's watercolor paintings and collections of shells, bones and butterflies, along with the spectacular history of the area. Spanish explorer Gaspar de Portola visited in 1769, and lumber man William Waddell later owned it and died on the property when a grizzly bear attacked him in 1875.
Now showing
And what would we call it?
The team totals from Saturday's races may be a bit off kilter. Several teams were missing key runners who signed up to take the ACT. Nerinx, one of the area's top girls teams, for instance, didn't register a team score as a couple girls were sidelined by ACT tests or injuries.
Sybron Learning Center and Ormco plan to provide 11 more sets of braces this year to children.
As part of the contract, the state provides more than $4 million a year in federal grants and state revenue to the nonprofit Public Media in exchange for Jersey-centric programs, as well as public television staples like "Masterpiece Theatre" and "Charlie Rose." The contract requires NJTV to coverage election night.
The Austin, Texas-based grocer is among a number of large, national chains pumping up kosher offerings in recent years.
Citing "the absurdity of Romney's plan," Preble wrote recently that the candidate "hasn't said what other spending he will cut, or what taxes he would increase."
The seven-story office building, described as the Echelon building, is about six miles southwest of Stack's home in northwest Austin. The crash occurred about 10 a.m.
"Some people spend their entire lives creating problems that do not even exist in the real world. ... It exists only in their shallow minds!!!!"
For instance, grow a butterfly buffet featuring a chaste tree (Vitex agnus-castus) with catmint (Nepeta) and trailing verbena (such as 'Homestead Purple') underneath. Feature spring-blooming snapdragons (Antirrhinum majus), dianthus, wallflower (Erysimum cheiri; E. x allionii) and sweet alyssum (Lobularia maritima). Plant a perennial display with nectar favorites such as coreopsis, a dwarf scabiosa and liatris, fronted by a trailing sedum or creeping thyme. A container filled with summer phlox (Phlox paniculata), evergreen candytuft (Iberis sempervirens) and trailing geraniums (Pelargonium) also makes for an attractive combination.
“I said how great I thought the program is because it really makes kids feel good about themselves. It made me feel really accomplished and honored,” Ridgway said.
Tuesday, after a pre-spring football teleconference with Oregon State coach Mike Riley:
Scientists warned that the first tsunami waves are not always the strongest, and officials said people in Hawaii and along the West Coast should remain vigilant. Still, the tsunami warning was downgraded to an advisory in Hawaii, and Gov. Neil Abercrombie said the islands were "fortunate almost beyond words."
His story remains unfinished.
Hiding from view inside a car could get a lot easier thanks to Mercedes-Benz.
It was true even before the Great Recession: The number of startups less than a year old was no higher in the boom year of 2006 than it was 30 years ago, when the economy was much smaller, according to the Census Bureau. And the ones that are launching are hiring fewer people, too.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — One man was wounded by gunfire early today in Lexington, numerous small fires were set and dozens were arrested as thousands celebrated Kentucky's win over Kansas to claim another NCAA title, authorities reported.
Fifteen years later, the transplants have grown to a population estimated at 1,651 wolves across six states. The population is so strong that wolves were removed from the endangered species list in most of their western range in October.
Hatchootucknee said on her instructions he hired contractors, real-estate agents and architects, met with city officials about building sites and negotiated property purchases.
Just like she hikes up Pinnacle Peak daily, Lisa Williams is always climbing toward her next big challenge.
Smith played Tuesday after declaring through the Coyotes' staff that he was 100 percent after Game 2. He sat out practice on Monday in Arizona, took part in the team's morning skate Tuesday and wasn't made available to the media afterward because of ‘‘extreme circumstances,'' the team said.
The Special Tribunal for Lebanon says defense lawyers for Mustafa Badreddine filed the legal challenge on Thursday.
A certified welder, Cox creates whimsical sculptures from found objects such as iron skillets, horseshoes and assorted industrial parts.
Seeds and opponents, though, were of little concern to the Billikens on Sunday. ("It could have been a play-in game in Dayton and I'd have been fine," Conklin said.) Coming off a 12-19 season in 2010-11, SLU went 25-7 this season and had won nine of 10 games before losing to Xavier in the Atlantic 10 semifinals on Saturday.
A jet's forward motion and its engines' mighty air intake draw ice crystals deep inside. At some point, probably in the compressor section, the temperature is above freezing and some of the crystals melt. A thin film of water forms on engine surfaces, trapping more incoming ice crystals and melting them, too.
For cream filling:
Four state employees have been cleared of criminal wrongdoing but still face a state personnel investigation for the way they dealt with the contract. The Department of Justice, after announcing in December it wouldn't file criminal charges, has refused to release the investigative file while personnel reviews are under way.
Bernie
She says determining if Williams was alive inside the bag and locked it himself "was at the very heart of this inquiry."
Where: Pink Poodle Salon, 5925 Suemandy in St. Peters
There is scant data on the number of small claims cases filed in the U.S. each year or on the number of cases that feature consumers suing big companies. A study by the National Center for State Courts, published in 1992, found 40 percent of cases in the 12 courts studied were consumer complaints. The same study found that 67 percent of individuals suing businesses or government agencies won their cases.
"It's hard to find anywhere else in the region or the state of Ohio, for that matter, that has incurred growth in a down period," said Chris Ronayne, president of University Circle Inc. and a candidate for the new Cuyahoga County Council.
Greene, a spare part on last year's team, projects as a significant piece this year. He boasts the distinction of never being stopped on 16 major-league steal attempts.
Winter (Dec. 22 to March 20):
Allah Wasaya was among those who believed, and last year he hired Hasan to resolve a family spat over money. He and his family stopped believing, Wasaya said, when they determined that Hasan's remedy was a diversion for darker pursuits. After sending Wasaya's wife to a butcher to buy a black goat's head that he said was needed to work his magic, Hasan raped the couple's 15-year-old daughter, who was alone in her bedroom, Wasaya recently recalled.
Unless, that is, they happened to have also bought tickets for the festival's first-ever second weekend, which runs Friday through next Sunday with exactly the same musical lineup as this weekend's.
The Winterhawks, who arrived in Portland in 1976, have been wildly popular in the past during stretches, including when they twice won the Memorial Cup, the championship of major junior's three-league umbrella organization, the Canadian Hockey League.
America's streak of bad luck continued in the second round, as Mario Deslauriers, an 8-faulter with Cella in the first round, was going clear until his gray mare surprisingly ran out at the last fence. Hough toppled a plank that otherwise was not a trouble spot and Madden nicked the next-to-last fence, the second element in a double of verticals. Engle made it around with a big push at the liverpool, but had a rail there and at the same obstacle that ruined Madden's otherwise perfect trip.
Along with the fitness center, permanent memorials have been erected at Bryant's high school and at the Air Force Training Academy in Colorado Springs, where he graduated. A 20-year wrestling tournament was renamed in Bryant's honor, and he was inducted into Tennessee's National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
In the early 1960s, the SCLC campaigned to desegregate Birmingham's downtown stores, which led police Commissioner Eugene "Bull" Connor to respond with police attack dogs and fire hoses turned at full blast against the peaceful protesters.
Penn State is the not the only community to face these concerns. Too often, too many have closed their ears and minds, engaged in denial, and otherwise made the decision that child victims are not deserving of justice and protection — especially when someone of communal importance bears responsibility. Enough. This is a cowardly and immoral response. Penn State's trustees should be honored for their courage and moral fortitude.
Grace Prosniewski's April 27 column "'Generation Why?' searches for hope in job market," brought up some valid issues for young people that need to be addressed. My daughter's student loans are five times my credit card debt and, one year after graduating, she still hasn't landed a job in her chosen field. She has an internship, but works as a waitress.
Workers in Brook Park's Cleveland Engine Plant No. 1 have been waiting for the F-150 engine for months. The plant expects to add a second shift to handle demand for both the EcoBoost engine and the 3.7 liter V-6. Brook Park workers are also building the 3.7 liter engine for the Mustang muscle car.
Take this to the bank: Luck will end up being remembered with that first group. There's too much there, physically and intellectually, for him to know anything short of excellence, even greatness. The Colts are the luckiest (sorry) franchise in sports. One bad year and they get to go from one franchise quarterback to another. Incredible.
Meyer, who is a member of the Madison County Bar Association, said she's offering free legal advice because she believes it's important to give back.
420 RED COAT $133,000
A northeast Phoenix parent hopes a workplace-harassment injunction filed by the Paradise Valley Unified School District against him does not prevent him from attending his son's graduation this month.
But why the delay? President Barack Obama's refusal to order the locks closed is particularly perplexing. Here is a pro-active Great Lakes president who committed $475 million for a one-year restoration initiative for our 10,000-year-old liquid assets. And yet he stands idle as its latest and greatest danger swims by.
John R. Schwartz
St. Louis University researcher David Rapach predicts job growth here of 1 percent this year, compared to 1.7 percent for the U.S. Unless a sector of St. Louis's economy takes off, Strauss said, that trajectory won't likely change.
"Sometimes you have to resist jumping out in front of a vehicle" to save them, he said.
He would unsuccessfully run for the Republican presidential nomination in 1988. Later in his career he turned his eye toward business, becoming an advisor to several corporations, serving as a founding board member of America Online, and commanding a hefty fee on the lecture circuit.
2:31:52: Molly Pritz
For my money, I'm going with Eastwood, who brought a more contemporary tilt to the film cowboy, the anti-hero/loner persona that gets at the heart of the western.
Crear stresses how important it is for men to "know their numbers" - their glucose levels and blood pressure readings. She understands many men who come in for screening don't have medical insurance so always hands them a list of free clinics, emphasizing that follow-up is crucial. Crear relishes the story of a man who came in one year and got bad results, then returned the next year to show how he'd improved his numbers.
The school will release the results of the competition Monday.
Still, Hughes said, the uncertainty remains. "Usually, at this stage of the business cycle, we’re pretty sure about where we’re going, but not with this cycle."
"The whole intent is to create a nice activity that is in line with public recreation," Regan said. He added that the city's share of revenue from the wheel would go into the department's general fund. Some Venice residents say they want the money to be earmarked for improvements in their community, such as bathroom maintenance and more frequent trash pickups.
"I like the fact that he’s so calm, cool and collected," fight promoter Oscar De La Hoya said. "Everyone who fights Mayweather — myself included — gets frustrated by how he is. His talking. Being so slippery in the ring.
Yes, riders got socked with a 12.5 percent hike last year, and Walder says next year's wallop may be even more than the 7.5 percent spike already planned. But fares have risen steeply in past crises: In 1975, the cost of a token shot up 43 percent; in 1981, another 25 percent. In 2003, amid the post-9/11 economic downturn, the price of a ride jumped 33 percent. NJ Transit is moving toward a 25 percent hike on tap right now, after having bumped them 9 percent just three years ago.
Jane Garcia, a Brooklyn woman on her way to West Orange, hadn’t known the reason for the delay and was confused to see the station so busy in the mid-afternoon. "This time of day, it’s not this crazy. Why is it this way?" she wondered.
impossibly blue sky. Look around at the flat-roofed buildings that blend into the reddish-brown earth. Beauty is all around. Even the desert scrub is transformed into something remarkable by the bright light and clear air of the 7,000-foot elevation.
Rehearsals are not democratically run, though Bell is quick to add that he's always open to ideas. Those ideas will run in Beethoven channels here, with a program spotlighting Bell in the Violin Concerto and otherwise containing the "Coriolan" Overture and the Symphony No. 7 in A major.
"I had never given any thought to my Jewish heritage other than the fact that I considered myself Jewish," Chalupski said.
George Hill, who went to the second round of the playoffs with the Spurs in 2010, on closing out a series:
"He was so cute"
What it has not done, however, is make money.
What: The 52nd Annual Cactus and Succulent Show will take center stage this weekend at McKinley Park's Shepard Garden and Art Center. There will be a free plant given away to the first 100 guests both days. Organizers will offer suggestions for low-water, easy-care plants that thrive in Sacramento's Mediterranean climate. Plant collections by professionals and amateurs will be on display.
The two leaders ruled out, however, issuing common government debt in the form of eurobonds, at least for now, despite demand by many investors for such a bold but politically difficult move.
Bowden is in Multnomah County Jail tonight on accusations of reckless driving, parole violations and assaulting and eluding police officers.
We were at a window-side table inside Café Vinoteca at Arden Town Center. The Italian bistro's immediate neighbors are Chinois City Cafe (www.chinoiscitycafe.com) and Danielle's Creperie (www. daniellescreperie.com), places we've visited and liked.
Raw celery and carrots (1/8 cup each)
"We will be more compelling for high school and college teams," he said. "We will be going to our second iteration of a marquis shoe that Brandon Jennings will wear."
"I'm not OK with that at all," he said of his first five starts. "I stole two wins and pitched (bad) the other ones. Way too inconsistent."
"The real crux of the findings here is that this really is happening, more so with people who can least afford to be caught up in this type of scam," says Delvin Davis, the report's author.
Cayenne pepper to taste
Molnar, 28, of Detroit studied at Le Cordon Bleu in Chicago and worked in the city until returning to metro Detroit, where he has worked at Town Tavern in Royal Oak and at Roast at the Westin Book Cadillac in Detroit.
Luckily, we didn't see any live bears — just a plethora of carved wooden ones — in the picturesque mountain community. We hiked along the lake, played in the water and met a lot of mountain dogs and their people.
The tracks opened new trade routes and transformed Flagstaff into a trading hub. Cattle, timber and ore rumbled through the city day and night. Flagstaff also became a portal for the Navajos, who brought their sheep to market, Trimble said.
"People have gone as far as the toolbox and pulled out washers to use for embellishments," Green says. "They use paper clips, ribbon. I use coasters as picture mats."
Lewis said it remains the administrations primary focus to not reopen the agreements reached and ratified by many of the citys 48 bargaining units, but at the end of the day because of the current financial condition were in we have to get buy-in from the state.
In 2010, downtown had 29,725 residents, a 10-year increase of 23 percent. The Downtown Council estimated that in 2011, 36,100 people lived downtown, including the area across the Mississippi and in Stevens Square south of Interstate 94.
Among the earliest participants was St. Francis Medical Center in Trenton, and officials today have scheduled a Stand Against Racism event in the hospital’s cafe.
“Offering some parents an alternative will, I believe, increase vaccination rates,’ she said.
Simon Sebag Montefiore (Vintage, 462 pp.)
"This is the most important festival in Mexico, because it involves wine, gastronomy, tourism, fish, ocean, everything," he said between sips. "The people and the climate we have here, from my point of view, it's one of the best."
Following their latest win, they again unfurled a huge banner that said "To our Friends Around the World — Thank You for Your Support," referring to the global outpouring of aid after the tsunami, that left nearly 23,000 dead or missing.
But that's not all. Erdman, a kindly fellow who swears by bands after using them himself to get back in shape, doesn't just set you loose in his playground. Whether you're a private client or walk-in off the street, for $10 he'll take you through a time-tested, 12-part circuit de- signed to raise your pulse and stress every major muscle in your body.
Somewhere along the way though, this truth became a falsehood in some people's eyes. No, there's not an epidemic of men walking around staring up women's skirts, at least not that I know of. There is something that is equally as creepy and gross that happens in broad daylight every day though.
The primary has already been consumed by talk of spoilers and stalking horses -- who's in it to win it, and who's in it for somebody else.
MetroHealth, the county's safety-net hospital, has faced a myriad of economic hurdles and is still undergoing what its leaders call a turnaround: The system reported a $2.2 million loss on net income in 2007. It continued to bleed money in early 2008, losing $11 million in the first quarter, according to long-time trustee and now MetroHealth Board Chair Ron Fountain.
Podsednik stole second and scored on Carl Everett's single to make it a 1-1 game.
Alabama, though, has just two wins over current BCS Top 25 teams and none since Sept. 24 against Arkansas.
"Suddenly, Linda just came out like a little angel and said, ’I heard about this, and do you want to come out to my place? I’m not a weirdo,’" Brockie recalled.
Brett Favre still hasn't been able to throw a proper pass in practice, but the Vikings still haven't given up hope that he will extend his NFL record for consecutive starts by a quarterback Sunday afternoon. Favre was able to do minimal work in practice Friday for the first time all week, making a few soft tosses to test the sprained joint in his right (throwing) shoulder. He is listed as questionable on the injury report for the game against the Giants and it will be a game-time decision on whether he will make his 298th straight regular-season start.
The available archive of Plain Dealer editions has some gaps in its record, none more glaring than the span of days during which Lee surrendered at Appomattox and Lincoln was killed by an assassin's bullet.
Biden's comfort level made Obama the nation's least comfortable politician, tied up in a knot of convoluted positions that he had hoped voters on both sides would overlook.
Congress should pay attention to what local Missouri school food service director, Katie Koester, said: "It's about educating them to eat in moderation." A recent October article from this newspaper, titled "Schools are making lunches healthier", discusses the reauthorization of the Child Nutrition Act (CNA) and the potential significant changes to school food programs. These potential changes primarily include better nutritional standards. However, will these changes solve the health problems of America's youth? I do not think so. Congress must work with nutritional experts to implement guidelines as to how much a student participating in the school food programs should eat based on age, gender, height, and weight to keep the student at, or bring to, a healthy weight.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- A New Year's Eve earthquake that shook homes in Youngstown has set off political tremors across Ohio as officials scramble to reassure the public that an expected flurry of drilling in the state won't jeopardize their safety.
The classes will be taught in a simple but effective way. Moves will be broken down into fun and easy-to-learn steps.
And the main cause for the not-yet-a-campaign meltdown? Kinder's alleged relationship with a former stripper in the 1990s, or maybe it was his want-to-be relationship. The extent of their connection, especially in more recent years, never really became clear. Which makes this even more interesting as some in the Republican party continue to stress social issues instead of focusing on more pressing economic, job-related challenges in the state.
Although Orange County is home to a number of Latino outreach programs, including HABLA and the Latino Educational Attainment Initiative, cultural forces in Latino communities can sometimes overpower their effectiveness.
She also said it was a world where Dimora co-defendant Michael Gabor helped them "cash in their power" and cover their tracks.
nonprofits across the Northwest, has just launched an iPhone app as it adapts its old school business model to a new era.
"I thought it was amazing," said Ruzena Zatko, 28, a fan of "The Hunger Games" books who drove from Las Vegas and spent two nights' camped out in front of the Nokia Theatre to win passes to the premiere. She added that the film's director Gary Ross "stayed true to the book."
Tubbs also has owned a small business in Stillwater for 10 years and worked at the University of Minnesota. She has a degree in speech communications from Washington State University and earned a Certificate of Nonprofit Management from the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis.
The government said in a letter to Janice Uhlig, GM's executive director of global compensation, that it was seeking to limit guaranteed cash in an effort to foster more performance-based compensation.
A police officer saw him fall and checked out the situation. Other police arrived at the house. The man who had fallen tried to square off with an officer as if he wanted to fight. He told police he was a king and would urinate on their graves for the next 100 years. Uncooperative during the ride to the police station, the man had to be monitored continuously while in a cell until 5 a.m., when he was released to his father. He also was charged with underage drinking and resisting arrest.
The school posted an Academic Performance Index score of 885 out of 1,000, up 6 points from the year prior, and met all of its federal testing performance targets. Its student body is about 40 percent Asian, 38 percent white, 13 percent Hispanic and 11 percent socioeconomically disadvantaged.
On the Bull Mountain saga, considered by many a planning fiasco, Dirksen called its handling "clumsy" and said he sees his mistake was in waiting too long to fully lay out the plan's details for residents. "By the time we got to that point, there was so much public opinion and emotional public opinion that they weren't even hearing us," he said.
Gemini (May 21-June 21): You'll shine in the spotlight, so go where you're likely to get the chance to present your case.
"For us, it is just a legitimate classic ring, and every time you look at, it you'll find something new," said Chris Poitras, director of sports marketing and sports for Jostens, the manufacturer of the ring. "Each element tells a story about the season or says something about the team's history."
A decade ago, fewer than 500 students in Sacramento County schools were placed in special education due to autism. By 2011, that number had risen to 2,275 -- about one of every 105 pupils, according to state data released this week.
Notifications: Forty-five miles per hour will soon come with a warning on Akron-Cleveland Road in Summit County.
Assemblyman Ralph Caputo (D-Essex), a former Atlantic City casino executive, said he wanted the issue to go before voters because he is concerned a non-vote would set a precedent that would "probably come back to us in another direction."
Submissions to the Poetry column may be emailed to poetry@oregonian.com or addressed to Poetry, The Oregonian, 1320 S.W. Broadway, Portland, OR 97201. Please include a self-addressed stamped envelope and/or full contact information (email address, phone number and postal address). If your work is selected for the column, you will be contacted. All poems are read; only those chosen for publication will receive a reply.
The sergeant, who was on duty when the accident occurred, remained in intensive care as of Wednesday night, but police said early Thursday that his condition is improving.
Before the legislative revision, if a gift card went unused, the issuing business kept the money.
A: When you're dealing with Tracy Morgan on stage, it's straight, no chaser, baby. The stuff I'm saying will definitely put hair on your chest, and I don't care if you're a woman. I'm sardonic, man. I describe my sense of humor as contemporary wit. I cut just deep enough to lift up the skin and see inside, but not too deep because I don't want to cut the monster.
"There's a real risk to profitability in agriculture," he said. "We've had two to three pretty good years and they've probably gone away unless we have a weather situation."
Both are Texas natives and grew up too far away in that huge, football-mad state to meet in high school. But after McCoy enrolled at Texas and Dalton at Texas Christian, they opposed each other in a game in 2007. It was Dalton's second career start.
Anyway, the 49ers and Giants move on, while the video game Packers and Saints go home.
"We remain open to resolving this matter," said the company. "Fair compensation is all that we have been seeking for our intellectual property."
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia - Cries of panic and fervent prayers rang out Wednesday as Indonesians rushed toward high ground after two strong earthquakes raised fears of a killer tsunami.
With Frank Rost’s status undetermined, the Red Bulls targeted Meara. The 6-foot-4 Yonkers native had 31 shutouts in four years at Fordham, was named the 2011 A-10 Defensive Player of the Year, and finished 11th in the NCAA in goals-against-average (0.65).
Mindful of the perils of such short-sightedness. I have preached patience with MidAmerica.
The track followed a drainage canal, part of a massive land reclamation project completed in the 1950s that turned a malarial swamp into one of Israel's most productive agricultural regions. Later, the reserve was set aside to protect an estimated 500 million birds that migrate over the valley every year -- night herons, ibises, pelicans and storks.
 Barkley Ranch Tree
Tony's take: Might be seeing beginning of end for Lions' big year. Broncos 20, Lions 17.
The celebrities who strolled the red carpet in Cleveland were no dewy-eyed posers. They were battle-scarred rock veterans who remind us that spotlights and stretch limos must be earned in juke joints and clubs.
Here in California, meanwhile, an income shortfall has paralyzed the Legislature and left it pondering multibillion-dollar cuts to schools and healthcare systems as well as huge tax increases. Another siege of flames hit the Southland this fall in what seems to be becoming an annual catastrophe.
"It was fake," the Denver-raised rapper said. "My producer reminded me that hip-hop was about telling your story and your truths. So I spoke about all sorts of stuff, suicidal thoughts, coming out; it was just my story."
At Chandler's Police Department at 250 E. Chicago Street, mourning was apparent in the form of flowers and lit candles laid at the foot of a statue of a police officer. Employees inside were choked up, some tearing. They are grieving the death of one of their own, who died trying to protect the public.
When a bill more than 500 pages long moves this fast, it's often a sign that the measure hasn't been read, properly vetted, or carefully mined for unintended consequences. But protestors intend to make sure their voices are heard, anyway.
"These seizures are mimicking what you are feeling -- your body is expressing it," she says. "As a child somewhere you suppressed a trauma, and now that your life is finally in order and you feel good about yourself, your body is telling you to look back inside -- there's still something that you have to deal with."
The new focus on growth in the Irish bailout program is part of a broader shift across the EU in recent weeks as austerity programs have helped push many of its members into recession.
Job security is a key factor in consumers' ability and willingness to spend, and the latest government jobs report, issued Friday, fueled more concerns about the holiday shopping season. The figures showed unemployment ticking up to 9.8 percent in September, a 26-year-high, and employers shedding 263,000 jobs, more than the 180,000 forecast by economists.
Those students include TaNay Morris, 17, a senior in fourth-year Spanish.
Here's our list of top switches men should make when shopping to replace necessities this spring and summer.
Kent County Assistant State's Attorney Hallie Salmi said Walsh will undergo a mental health evaluation and comply with treatment as recommended. He must also stay away from the home of the patrolman who arrested him in November.
Donaldson pleaded not guilty and is scheduled to go on trial in September. His attorney didn't respond to a telephone message seeking comment.
“Under NJ State Law, bicycles are defined as vehicles and have the right to be on most roads,” said Shepherd. Motorists are asked watch for cyclists, give cyclists at least three feet of clearance when passing and to be particularly aware at intersections when making right hand turns. Motorists are also urged to refrain from distractions such as talking on the phone or texting while driving.
"It would be a very foolish athlete who's thinking of doping with testosterone and thinks he could drink white or green tea to beat a drug test," he said. "And I personally wouldn't want to drink nine cups of tea on the day of a race."
Wayne Fisher, director of the Police Institute at Rutgers University, noted that the activities were undertaken not long after the 9/11 attacks. "They took advantage of public documents and public information, in order to prepare for investigative activities that might be necessary to prevent acts of terrorism. I don't see a problem with that," he said. "Collecting information is not in and of itself profiling."
It's easy to see why: The $64 million county library system, which already covers 47 communities, has the resources to restore East Cleveland's hours and to buy needed materials.
Nationally, Dieter said, fading arguments for capital punishment as a deterrent to homicide and mounting numbers of wrongful convictions are “turning a corner” in the debate.
It is costly, Bernanke noted dryly, to dig gold up in "South Africa or somewhere" and "put back in another hole."
Florida (23-10) vs. Virginia (22-9), 11:10 a.m.
Since it was started in 1975 near Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, the nomadic museum has changed locations often, and now it must vacate a building at Alton Steel Inc. it has occupied since 2003.
Harry Wise was his baseball coach at Trinidad State Junior College and in the Basin League. Carbajal learned the hard way that Wise knew what he was talking about.
Nourish's menu is a virtual road map of culinary lifestyles. Look for symbols indicating items vegan or vegetarian, as well as dishes that are free of gluten, eggs, corn, soy, lactose and nuts. Try the Healthy Protein Burger, made with chickpeas, red beans, sweet potato, walnuts, chia seed, spaghetti squash, parsley spinach and kale, topped with cucumbers and pesto vin ($10).
Authorities said Holcomb had walked away from his home before, most recently in February. At that time, he was found in Henry County.
At the same time, the chain has continued to pursue ever-more growth while fending off persistent controversy. Sales across the company were up 5.9% in the last fiscal quarter to $443.8 billion. That’s a 42% increase from the $312.4 billion Wal-Mart said it earned in the 2005 fiscal year, when much of the Mexican bribery was said to be occurring.
The Columbus bank will use the proceeds of these efforts, and a small amount of other money available, to repay the $1.4 billion it borrowed through the Treasury's Troubled Asset Relief Program.
Peebles said that McCall had no record of crime in the North Pointe neighborhood and noted that bail is mainly meant to compel future appearances in court. Available records suggest that McCall has no record beyond a traffic charge.
"There are not a lot of new cases, which is good," she said. "But a few kids are suffering from our success. They are caught in between."
The edge goes to Dell'Aquila, with his focus on luring businesses via a more comprehensive development plan.
Last week, John Grizzell of University City teed off a bit on the growing trend of highway tailgating and its obvious safety hazards. The discussion generated some interesting debate on
Large and slow-moving, the Chinook is vulnerable as it flies through mountains and valleys that allow insurgents clear lines of fire. Even so, helicopter shoot-downs have been rare in the Afghan conflict.
Uncle Buffett -- A Tribute to Jimmy Buffett. 8 p.m. March 24. Club Fox, 2209 Broadway, Redwood City. $12. 650-369-7770 or tickets.foxrwc.com
Fellow left-hander Brett Anderson, coming off reconstructive elbow surgery, is scheduled to throw his first "live" batting practice session Thursday, using all of his pitches and without a protective screen in front of the mound.
"I'm living the dream,'' he said.
"When someone is speaking to you," Heilman adds, "it's tactile."
The retail village, built in Mediterranean style, will offer a Friday-Saturday music series with free lakeside concerts from April through October. Friday concerts will feature a range of pop music, and Saturdays will be jazz nights. Visitors bring their own blankets and lawn chairs.
Collectively, the releases had the feel of a veteran politician feverishly working to reverse a tide that has turned more treacherous than most could have imagined not long ago.
"We might not have had all the enthusiasm we wanted today," Esstman said. "But we definitely can bring it. We know when we can turn it on."
612 ALBERS LN $35,000
But you're buying exclusivity and possibly history. Aston Martin is making this V-12 Zagato to commemorate the iconic DB4 GT Zagato. That car was made primarily for racing and fewer than two dozen were built in 1961. Surviving examples today are worth seven figures.
Le Pigeon: First, lose the French accent. Think park bird --that's how Rucker pronounces Le Pigeon. The narrow space typifies how Portland's indie restaurant culture aspires to be fun but deep. Floral, retro-grandma plates, some chipped, live alongside high-ranking wineglasses. Prime seats are at a resin-glazed counter, a structure of high craft made from crushed office furniture. Funny, fast-rapping Rucker is Le Pigeon's charismatic center, working the open kitchen and delivering plates with a kind of hip-hop cool and good-old-boy charm. He's the leader of this underground party, densely packed on most nights with serious feeders, off-duty chefs and seniors who can live with punk music. But even regulars moan about the enforced communal eating in these tight quarters. So be warned: To eat here is know thy neighbor --and his wife.
Forcing the Buckeyes to play defense for 35 seconds, mentally and physically, while preventing them from getting out in transition offensively, is probably the best formula for any opponent. Matta noticed earlier in Big Ten play a reduction in the number of possessions the Buckeyes were getting each game.
St. Louis Art Museum
"SO, we should open our homes and our pocketbooks to people we have never met," railed one person, who then raised the prospect of murderers, robbers and perverts. "Good gag, dude, but I do not think that including homeless people in my own home is a good or productive idea. I have a list of soup kitchens that will allow you to eat every day so you do not have to beg for food."
Smith was pronounced dead at the scene.
Only 15 gymnasts will earn berths at the trials where six men, including an alternate, will be selected for the 2012 Summer Olympic team. Dixon's chances to make the team are considered long despite his progress since returning from injury.
The state making a renewed effort to find partners to keep 20 more parks on the closure list from shutting down July 1. Even the parks that close July 1 could reopen if sponsors are found.
“Consumers looking for cheap transportation are finding it more and more difficult to locate a used vehicle at an affordable price,” said Alec Gutierrez, senior market analyst at Kelley Blue Book’s, which operates the kbb.com auto information website. “Late-model vehicles with low miles are becoming increasingly hard to find, especially as used-vehicle values continue to aggressively increase.”
And they weren't even lobbyists.
Prosecutors say Marty Small and five co-defendants tampered with absentee ballots in the June 2009 Democratic mayoral primary, which Small lost.
The thought of her not being in my life depresses me, but this has given me huge doubts about a healthy marriage. - Conflicted
Bank of America had 2,815 employees in the St. Louis region at the end of June, down from 2,888 employees at the end of last year.
Bob Santucci, a 20-year-old who recently visited the Pearl with his mother and sister, needs no convincing. Families can have several cars on one account -- meaning Santucci could park on his mom's dime the next time he visits from Seattle.
"The state's position has been that in order for the property owners to be able to do anything, in most cases, they're going to need to deal both with the county and the state," Whitman said. "My immediate reaction would be that it's only one piece of the puzzle."
Already, GSA’s top official has resigned, two top aides have been fired and several employees have been placed on administrative leave.
His nominees also have been diverse: Just under half are women, one-quarter are African-American, 12 percent are Asian-American and 7 percent are Hispanic.
Perhaps the most coveted missing canister is "Humor Risk," the movie debut of the Marx Brothers. The touring comedy troupe shot the silent short in Fort Lee as an experiment with a new medium. Fans of the satirists still debate whether the print was accidentally destroyed or purposely discarded after it failed to win laughs the first and only time it screened.
Here are some of the shoe repair shops left in the Indianapolis area:
The report’s top suggestion was to “make a concerted effort to raise the status of the teaching profession.”
2 tablespoons mirin wine (sweet rice wine)
"We believe that depreciation should be pulled out of operating expenses," Vescolani said, noting the new budget does exactly that.
G 31 Terrence Ross (6-6, So.): 15.3 ppg, 6.6 rpg, 1.4 apg
"The force of the ignition blew him to the other end of the car," Whitt said. "He would have had to go through the fire to get to the ladder."
Planting pointers: Ranging from 1 to 2 feet in height, this annual likes sun but appreciates afternoon shade. In fall, plant seed 1/4-inch deep in average, well-drained soil. Once established, it will re-seed year after year.
Only four guards are assigned to the gymnasium at any given time; they watch from an elevated platform at one end of the floor. Traveling between the bunks, especially at the end of the gym, you are putting your life into the hands of bored criminals. The inmates are so close you can smell their sweat and stale breath.
In addition, SEALs are trained to be thoughtful, proportional and disciplined in their use of force, something Greitens said was apparent on that raid because only bin Laden, one of his sons and one of his couriers were killed.
The hybrid and turbo both have an auto-stop feature that shuts the engine off when the car is idling and motionless.
"That would probably be the largest support order in the history of the Family Court," said Support Magistrate Matthew Troy at the hearing in Manhattan Monday. Though he quickly dispatched Evangelista's request for $7,500 in monthly vacation expenses -- monthly -- he appeared to be taking her lawyer's arguments seriously, the Post reports.
"I just want what I have worked for. Nothing more," Holt said.
Hernandez, meanwhile, has been working out daily at the academies he speaks at.
March 28, 1930 — Montreal Canadiens 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, semifinal, 68:52, Gus Rivers.
What to do when a college-savings plan gets whipsawed by volatile markets? Plan sponsors think they have answers—but some of their solutions are better than others.
"We want to improve the quality of driving," says Anthony Levandowski, the project manager for Google's self-driving-car effort. Still, Google doesn't yet know exactly "what the business model is for a return on investment," he says.
"His instincts are incredible," team president George Postolos said. "He does what's necessary to be successful. He's very competitive. He is driven to succeed in everything that he does, so once he is in there he is going to do what he needs to do.
"We need those types of guys. We have to stay hungry," McMillan said. "These guys are going to push Brandon and LaMarcus, because they want it, they want opportunities. And that's what I told Wesley: You have to put your stamp on this team. The reason we brought you here was because we thought you were a scrapper."
"Everybody's making it sound like she is this cold-blooded killer, but she is not," Williams said.
The Browns have proven they can turn any schedule into an unnatural disaster. Until it happens in 2012 let's agree to hold off on the doomsday scenarios.
The charcuterie presentation is also nice. Thin slices of salumi, prosciutto and a pig skin terrine (three pieces $9; five for $15) arranged with two kinds of mustard, bread sticks, cornichons, pickled cauliflower and onions, as well as a small fruit salad.
David Bosley-Reynolds returns to one of his favorite roles, playing the Cowardly Lion for the sixth time — and the third time at Toby's, which might mark Reynolds' greatest success at channeling Bert Lahr's ferociously funny original Lion. Reynolds gives 100 percent delivering his solos, "If I Only Had the Nerve" and "King of the Forest."
That venture did not go well. In 1994, the couple and Horman's parents sued Chubby's, saying the company misrepresented the investment needed to make the franchise work. The lawsuit ended with a $250,000 settlement, Tarver said.
He said 45 homes were destroyed and another 150 were damaged.
The suspended sheriff intends to call Lee to the stand, along with former Chronicle Editor Phil Bronstein, according to a witness list his attorneys filed with the Ethics Commission late Thursday.
Here you'll be surrounded by artifacts such as ashtrays and swizzle sticks, posters, playing cards and photos, plus postcards and books. Many of these relics are from now-defunct airlines such as BOAC, Pan Am and TWA.
INDIANAPOLIS — The long, teary-eyed walk began after Wes Welker slipped on a pair of tan cowboy boots and slung a neon green backpack over his shoulders.
Two crews from the 29th Combat Aviation Brigade will take high-tech helicopters to the southern tip of Texas in June to provide aerial surveillance to U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents on the ground, Guard officials said Wednesday.
Gates was being held in lieu of $2 million bail.
Pam Watson could be a poster woman for the grander reality. Anne Riecken asked the students in her English Composition class at Seminole State College to write a paragraph about their work experience. The compositions were as varied as the students themselves, who range in age from 18 to 59. This is by Watson, a mother of four:
The brevity of “The King of Limbs” — it offers just eight tracks and lasts a mere 37 minutes — adds to the sense that it was not intended as a major statement. It feels more like an EP, meant to bide time between more ambitious works.
With one out, Michael Brantley singled and went to third on Jason Kipnis' single. Rangers manager Ron Washington brought in Mike Adams for the 13th time this season, but first with runners on base. Adams promptly yielded an RBI double to Cabrera.
Even double knee replacement surgeries have not slowed him. He talks of the day when California Pacific will expand to Canada and Texas and possibly add a second hub to serve Eastern states. And he talks fondly of reviving the glory-days spirit of PSA, the last homegrown airline to launch in San Diego.
Among other things, you'll find on that page:
LG: Eric Steinbach (2007).
“You drill down deep into these ideas, and there are problems everywhere,” one BCS source said. Another source termed the problems with the Plus One nearly “insurmountable.”
But UConn had been actively exploring the possibility of joining the Atlantic Coast Conference or another conference after the moves by Syracuse and Pittsburgh.
That pick belonged to Washington until the Eagles sent six-time Pro Bowl quarterback Donovan McNabb to the Redskins earlier this month. If that's not enough pressure on Allen, he's replacing four-time All-Pro Brian Dawkins.
Rivers, in seven years as Celtics coach, has been through multiple incarnations of the team, including a 24-58 team in the season before the Big Three came together and won the 2007-08 title. It's hard to believe he has the stomach for rebuilding if Ainge decides to blow this season's version up.
In morning trading Monday, shares of 3Par jumped $7.31, or 41 percent, to $25.35. The fact that it's above HP's offer price suggests that investors expect Dell to make a higher counteroffer. Message left with Dell seeking comment Monday were not immediately returned.
Protest organizer Andy Thayer said his group was satisfied with the alternate route for that Sunday, May 20, and would accept the permit so they could begin to publicize the specifics of the event.
The opener and the Thursday game against Denver are Oakland's only prime-time games of the season.
Chances are the Lohans will be coming back to court over and over again.
"I don't have any visions of grandeur that this is just going to sail right through," Kehoe said. "It's a tough conversation. And I understand both sides of this."
--Best saving story: Bought her first house right after high school. She lived there while going to college.
So, how much does Ousley stand to walk away with? The proxy statement says $18.9 million, but we need to inflate that to account for Savvis' higher stock price. Here's some of the arithmetic:
411 Montgomery Ave., $405,000
First, if the Republican Party believes that all its members should march in lock step, who is giving the marching orders?
Prosecutors said Dimora and other public officials accepted bribes in 2008 in exchange for restoring county funding for Alternative Agency, where Kelley was working as a private consultant.
The 2009 event will begin with a Catholic Mass at 10 a.m. at the Church of the Assumption on Maple Avenue in Morristown. The parade will follow at 12 noon, starting at the corner of South Street and James Street and winding its way to Atno Avenue.
Give us a South High memory.
Named after type 00 flour, an ultrafine flour used in classic Neopolitan pizzas, the restaurant, designed by Michael Brennan in the former Azie space, is "Calipolitan" - Neopolitan style with California ingredients.
“I have the privilege of leading other nurses. People think of a chief nurse executive as a big job, but the big job is taking care of patients at the bedside. Seeing what our nurses do inspires me every day.”
The students, who ranged from ages 7 to 10, complained of eye, nose and throat irritations and were taken to Yuma Regional Medical Center as a precaution, said Mike Erfert, a spokesman for the Yuma Fire Department.
"We were a presence, a different kind of presence," Mr. Tabscott told us in the rich Appalachian baritone familiar to those who recall his regular commentaries on public radio. "We move forward with education."
“It was not submitted for the occasion of the 20th anniversary,” FBI special agent and spokeswoman Gail A. Marcinkiewiczcq said of the evidence. “It was done long before that, as an investigative step that was logical to take.”
'Grey's Anatomy' stars Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey have signed up for two more seasons of the show.
“You thought it was a bomb, maybe it was an explosion downtown,” said Evelyn Sykes, 28, who lives several houses away from the accident scene. “The house shook and the windows were shaking.”
Sorry, Mama. The tortillas are still quite delicious, and I don't feel guilty eating them.
Last year, Doyle was on hand assisting N.Y.C. chef Bradford Thompson in preparing a dish for the benefit. "This year I've been invited back, to showcase a little bit of me and what I can do," Doyle says.
On Crawford:
Whiting has repeatedly tried to explain the scope and intent of the trademark to her detractors, who felt that she had helped herself to a cherished hunk of Baltimore culture. They have organized pickets in front of Cafe Hon — at least once resulting in a restraining order — and have roasted Whiting continuously on social media websites and in print.
$44.95 at Sur La Table, locations throughout the Bay Area, and
He was convicted in federal court of wire fraud and use of an "illegal monetary instrument." He was sentenced to two years in prison and ordered to pay $5.3 million in restitution.
For Offutt and Novak, they said the experience never even crossed their minds back when they played together.
He reaches the Final Four in the year after five of his players were taken in the NBA Draft’s first round, and the year before he brings in one of the best recruiting classes in the country. Calipari has had better teams, here at Kentucky and at UMass and Memphis.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- If you haven't been able to afford an eye exam or new glasses, circle Wednesday, July 20, on your calendar.
M Kevin Doherty, jr., Parkway West
For now, water scofflaws who break the new rules can expect to receive a notice of the violation from the city. Continued water offenses could be met with an administrative citation, along the lines of a parking ticket.
Since then, the publicity has produced a sixfold increase in voluntary notices of potential shortages, and the FDA said 114 of them were averted.
Woods made four consecutive birdies after a shoe swap in the sixth fairway, shot a 4-under 68 and put himself on the edge of contention heading into the weekend. He was at 2-under 142, six shots behind leaders Zach Johnson, Kevin Na and Matt Kuchar.
Dann received a public reprimand from the Supreme Court in 2004 after he neglected to properly prepare as a lawyer for a legal matter when he was a state senator.
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): The pressure is on. So just remember who you are. You have successfully completed jobs like this several times in the past.
"All of our procedures, including the stent procedures, are performed according to best practices within the cardiology profession," the statement from Union Memorial said.
DAY TRIP TO HERMANN: The Wildwood Family Y sponsors a day trip to Hermann Oct. 20 for adults only. Participants accompanied by Y volunteer and host Jerry Mooneyham board a luxury charter coach at 8:30 a.m. at the Wildwood Family Y, 2641 Highway 109, and return at about 5 p.m. Participants tour the German School House Museum, explore the downtown historic district, enjoy lunch and wine tasting at Stonehill Winery, and visit Hermanhoff Vineyards. The fee is $60 or $50 for Y members and includes transportation, tours,
Credit-challenged consumers beware.
Cambridge Home Health Care of Akron received the 2010 Cascade Capital Corporation Business Growth Award. The award goes to companies in Summit, Medina, Portage, Wayne, Ashland and Holmes counties that have at least 100 percent sales growth or $5 million in total sales or increase employment by at least 50 percent or 25 people. Cambridge Home Health Care also was awarded the Best Employee Growth Award in the Service Category, adding 647 employees during the designated five-year period.
Negotiations work this way: The three pore over agency budgets, looking at what to cut to balance the numbers, and whether there are any extra pots of money that can be used. To prevent immediate impasse, they start with the easy things they can agree on and set aside the more difficult questions.
Zimmerman, who in April became the county's first elected assessor in more than 50 years, promised during his campaign that he would not staff his office with political cronies.
Jones' road to notoriety began in 1986 in his living room, where he founded Dove World Outreach Center, which operates out of a sprawling property in Gainesville. Despite its impressive name, the church has only about 50 members.
your big sister, age 26
But PG&E wasn't hurting for cash, according to the audit. From 1999 to 2010, the company collected $430 million more from its gas-transmission and -storage operations than the revenue authorized by the California Public Utilities Commission, which sets the rates the company can charge its customers.
Northwest: Steelheaders remain hampered by high, cold water and inclement weather. Snow continues to create hazardous traveling conditions but numbers remain strong when anglers can fish. The Wilson River began fishing again on Monday with a good bite coming at the acclimation pond near Donaldson’s. Good numbers of wild and hatchery fish will be available into mid-April.
The agency's family maintenance program had 57 employees when it was closed in 2009. Although it was voluntary, it had almost 1,300 families participating, evidence that troubled families want help, Edwards said.
Springsteen himself acknowledged this, always introducing Clemons last at concerts. It’s Clemons’ big shoulder that Springsteen was looking over lovingly on the famous cover of his “Born to Run” album. As his bandleader beamed at him, Clemons, black-hatted and bold, turned toward the camera and blew his sax.
The report covers most of the time since Wu resigned, a period when the fund ballooned to $342,762.45.
Upon arriving there, they encounter Sven (Hank Azaria), a most-unusual penguin in that he can fly. This captivates all of the other penguins, who treat him as some sort of mystical character. Certainly Erik is captivated and takes Sven's mantra -- if you want it, you must will it, and if you will it, it will be yours -- to heart.
The big back flat at the center of the stage will be replaced by a scenery wall made of 694,400 computer-controlled LEDs. Programmed by a computer, the lights can create countless patterns, colors and backgrounds for every scene in every show all season.
That’s a pretty easy observation to make about discrimination on the basis of skin tone among people who self-identify as "black," but it is a difficult reality to portray.
7) Buccaneers (from Jaguars), S Mark Barron – The Bucs traded down, collected extra picks, and still landed one of the players widely projected to make a very smooth transition to the NFL.
Haley abstained from a 2007 vote to override then-Gov. Mark Sanford's veto of $14.8 million for a proposed new farmers market in Richland County. In the House journal, Haley said she abstained because she might have a conflict of interest.
Well, I have my people do that -- scouts, general manager.
The district spent $39.5 million in 2011, down from $42.1 million in 2010, a $2.6 million decrease.
VW Chairman Ferdinand Piech, who turned 75 Tuesday, has long coveted the brand. He publicly expressed interest in buying Ducati in April 2008 before eventually losing out to Investindustrial. The purchase will make Ducati the 11th brand in VW's portfolio, alongside super-car marques Lamborghini and Bugatti and heavy-duty truck manufacturers Scania and MAN.
I'm not sure why I expected this to be a hot dip -- it isn't. It's served cold in a plastic cup. I found it overly salty, and I believe a dish of house-made hummus ($3.99) is a far better way to spend your pitas.
Republicans said the "office space" was approved on a bipartisan basis and that the law was never violated.
Portland Public Schools had eight schools deemed in need of improvement -- including four of its nine high schools: Grant, Madison, Jefferson and Roosevelt.
Hunter College HS 10, LaGuardia 5: Rachel Retica went 2-for-4 with four RBI and two runs scored and Tiffany Ramos scored three runs to lead Hunter (6-5 Manhattan A). LaGuardia is 3-8.
“It’s frustrating because I’m not banged up,” he said. “You know it’s going to be a battle physically later in the year, so you want to do well now.”
All three universities are in states considered competitive in the election.
The fast-moving blaze quickly spread up the back of the building and into the attic, said firefighter Paul Corah, a Portland Fire & Rescue spokesman. Firefighters said the each unit had working smoke detectors, which helped residents escape unharmed.
Bob Perry's $3 million check to Restore Our Future accounted for nearly half of the super PAC's February contributions. He is known for his support of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth attacks against Democrat John Kerry in 2004.
Olson said he and Parker also will recommend that the sentence run together with whatever sentence Leaf is given for a probation violation in Texas.
He’s just not the same finisher he was a couple years ago, and the list of players he has to overcome just to reach the semifinals — once a spot you could pencil him in at each Grand Slam — has only gotten longer. He has only reached one major final (the French Open last year), though he did finish the 2011 season with 17 consecutive victories. His career mark at Melbourne Park is an amazing 49-4, including four titles.
A similar request last year by the group for temporary custody of the dog was denied in court.
In fact, some of the stars were actually offended.
No one claimed responsibility for the bombing. The regime blames such attacks on terrorists it says are stoking the anti-Assad uprising.
He also denied giving a wrong Social Security number, saying the problem was that someone misread his admittedly sloppy "9'' as a "7."
At a very basic level, the ability to reconfigure the American education system comes down to instilling respect toward the profession. The deficit is glaring in the U.S., where many of the most vocal voices for reform take an antagonistic, punitive view of teachers, of unions, of school boards and even, at times, of children.
But some of the success the Republican leader found on that front only highlighted a problem the state has yet to solve.
The tally for “The Hungers Games” set the mark to beat for summer films. Exceeding that sum would give Disney bragging rights that may not be challenged until “The Amazing Spider- Man” and “The Dark Knight Rises” open in July. Studios try to manage expectations for their top films to avoid post-weekend disappointments on newscasts and websites.
"He's a man of integrity," said the Rev. Paul Feela, pastor at Lumen Christi Church in St. Paul and a longtime friend to Bauer. "He's going to try to do the best he can for the church community, but also I think for the wider city, too."
1. The Mariners have lost 10 games this season in which they led at some point, most in the majors.
The five-night event, which kicks off at 9 p.m. ET Monday, will pit three celebs against each other in culinary competition, each receiving help and guidance from famous chefs Wolfgang Puck, Cat Cora and Govind Armstrong. The winners from each of the first three nights will face off in a final battle Thursday, with the winner announced Friday.
Adams said Wood and two friends had just left Beale on Broadway and were walking to the Broadway Oyster Bar to meet a friend when she and a friend were struck.
Barrett and Falk have led the other Democratic candidates in fundraising and in the polls. Barrett has consistently led Falk in the polls, including a Marquette University Law School poll on May 2. That poll also showed Barrett and Walker in a virtual tie. Walker defeated Barrett to win the office in 2010.
Del Borrello argued that even if there aren’t vast amounts of savings from moving the rest in house as well, it’s a proactive approach to saving money that would pay off even in small amounts.
South Korea's foreign minister said the North Korean rocket launch has been confirmed a "failure." Kim Sung-hwan provided no further details about what he said was the North's failure to launch a rocket the West has condemned as a cover for a missile test.
Eberling and Meyers had the fastest start time in all four runs among the 17 teams from nine nations.
Kelly Dunkin is vice president of philanthropy for the Colorado Health Foundation.
Birding trip: St. Louis Audubon offers frequent birding adventures at the region's best birding spots such as Babler State Park, Blue Grosbeak Trail, Busch Conservation Area and Cora Island. On Saturday, the organization sponsors a full-day trip to Two Rivers National Wildlife Refuge in Brussels. On Oct. 26, the group visits St. Stanislaus Conservation Area. What Trip to Two Rivers National Wildlife
There's a new Cubs Way and there's no turning back. Parallel fronts, analytics and foundation-building now are part of the Cubs' vocabulary as the Cubs basically are looking toward the future while trying to be respectable in the present.
Officials said it is unclear how long the child was in the dryer. The incident is alleged to have happened in January.
If I hold any grudge, it's against nameless modernist PhDs from local art history departments who should have written books that succeeded "Sunshine Muse" but didn't. I'm going to be nasty here: Like Dick Cheney during the Vietnam War, they must have had "other priorities."
It includes former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Texas Gov. Rick Perry, whom party insiders see as the strongest contenders. Libertarian-leaning Rep. Ron Paul of Texas continues to draw a devoted following and former pizza company executive Herman Cain has gained in recent polls.
Auricchio’s friend took him to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick for treatment. At the time, Auricchio was on family leave following the Dec. 17 birth of his first child and planned to return to work this past Monday. His doctor, however, said he needs surgery.
On that day of the boxing match, although I don't remember, my father tells me that I was the winner. I stayed standing and won the crowd! Those in attendance rooted, cheered and ultimately helped me will myself to avoid being knocked out.
Mobile applications "could certainly be a good growth driver, but it could also be a challenge for them," Brown says.
You can book Cotswold Way tours that arrange lodgings for you. But I had been determined to plan the trip myself, and the National Trails website had made that relatively easy. Still, we were never sure what kind of place we’d find ourselves in at the end of the day.
Following a reception at the Joslyn Art Museum in Omaha, the couple went on a honeymoon to Tenerife, Canary Islands. They reside in New York.
I don’t like Coeur d’Alene’s recent earnings pattern. It lost a penny a share in 2008 and lost 45 cents a share in 2009. What’s more, it had a checkered earnings history for years.
The foundation plans to open a store selling a variety of miscellaneous items as an "indoor yard sale" on Saturdays, Morrison said, providing volunteers can be found to staff the shop.
"The overall record of airline mergers is mixed at best," said Philip Baggaley, an analyst with Standard & Poor's. "Often there are some integration problems, particularly involving labor early in the process. But over the long term, the companies usually are able to reap revenue benefits."
Bruno said he was “shocked” to learn from Berkeley Heights Police Chief Michael Mathis that people who scavenge through residents’ trash—particularly for scrap metal—are breaking contracts the township has with haulers.
Animal destruction
U.S. Atty. Preet Bharara called the sentence "a fitting coda for this career arms trafficker."
"It's legal so why are they taking it away from us?" asked Laurie Briggs, 18, of Duluth, who said she may turn to regular marijuana if she can't find legal synthetics anymore.
She declared that her unnatural and unnerving dark tan was simply the result of regular visits to tanning salons.
Sixers have feasted on weaker opposition.
That plastic insert was linked to the metal line with a 6-inch piece of plastic pipe whose walls were too thin to qualify as standard ground pipe. It was this piece that came loose from the connector.
"I'm not going to talk about the circle of life, all that stuff," Showalter said. "(But) I'd be less than frank if I didn't think about" his grand victory coming in nearly the same spot as his first.
and not some f**king slapd**k team.
As of last Friday morning, when most teams had yet to play their second game of the high school football season, the O'Fallon (Mo.) Christian football team had already traveled roughly 360 miles and played in two football games.
In his two starts, Moscoso is 0-1 with an 11.57 ERA and 20 baserunners allowed in 9 1/3 innings. His poor outing against the Braves necessitated the use of six relievers for a total of 6 2/3 innings.
-- April Choi, Special to The Oregonian
From 1954 through '57, when Mays, Mantle and Snider all played full seasons in New York, Snider led the two others in both home runs and RBIs.
As Amanda tried to leave, police say Jeffrey stood in front of her vehicle to prevent her from going.
BROOKLYN, Ohio - Gov. Ted Strickland and other state officials visited American Greetings Corp. Chairman Morry Weiss, Chief Executive Zev Weiss and other company executives on Monday morning to urge them to stay in Northeast Ohio.
A Tremendous Crush at the New League Grounds - Cleveland's Good Ball Club Wins from the Cincinnati Reds - Music, Flowers and Handsome Women
He's not alone.
"These programs have proven extremely successful," Evans said.
Dean's purchase was completed April 1, according to the suit. On April 20, the Department of Justice installed Christine Varney as attorney general over the antitrust division. She has since identified agricultural firms as a focus of antitrust enforcement, and the department is holding a series of public workshops this spring and summer to examine competition issues in the meat, dairy and grain sectors.
Dish after dish arrived at our table: spicy Romanesco-style roasted corn, flash-fried broccolini with a sweet agave lime syrup, cubed Okinawa sweet potatoes in a chipotle sauce, a fresh kale and Parmesan salad. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the tiki masala chicken drumettes.
The delay also will allow senators to examine an analysis by the Missouri Department of Economic Development. That agency has prepared a cost-benefit study that will predict the return on taxpayer dollars under the Aerotropolis program. The study is set to be released this afternoon.
Former heavyweight champion Mike - who has eight children - also discussed the many drugs he used to take, describing the substances, both legal and prescription, as his ''little friends''.
Horses for courses. Phil can play Augusta …
Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said he expects such up-and-down performances from Griffin as he learns to play in the NBA.
"It's just shock right now," said former Orioles catcher Rick Dempsey. "I know everybody that played with him loved him to death. He was the backbone of that pitching staff."
Game sites: This season, sites include the main SLYSA complex in St. Charles, Sportport in Maryland Heights, the Kolping Kicks complex in St. Louis, the Lou Fusz complex in Maryland Heights and Gametime Sports in St. Peters. Those sites can be configured to create dozens of fields of all different sizes, and they include several artificial turf fields. Other sites, such as in Illinois and at local high schools and universities, also are available as needed.
Those problems won't be completely eliminated, but officials said they should be significantly reduced by the agreement announced Thursday.
Assistant Majority Leader (political): Phil Barnhart (D-Central Lane and Linn counties)
Nouri al-Maliki met Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at the beginning of his two-day official visit.
At the same time, I try to give the people what they want. The big challenge with doing Lady Gaga is: How do you outdo Lady Gaga? How do you do a caricature and make it ridiculous when she's already wearing meat dresses?
Gerald J. Buesing purchased a 5,912-square-foot home with pool built in 2008 at DC Ranch west of the Silverleaf Club in Scottsdale. Jerry Buesing is the founder and president of Buesing Corp., a construction company specializing in excavation and backfill and road hauling. He founded the company in Minnesota in 1965 and moved to Arizona in the mid-1980s. The home was sold by M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank in Milwaukee.
(Government and private security experts discussed several cases with The Times on condition that the victims not be identified.)
3. Stealing. Reported 3:20 p.m. March 26 in the 2000 block of Peine Forest Drive. A Kindle was reported stolen.
The department hasn't released a breakdown of how much, exactly, it will spend on security in 2012, the first year after U.S. troops withdraw. When the department's budget request was submitted in February, a senior State Department official said security costs would make up a "significant" portion of the department's operating budget for Iraq. The State Department awards security contracts, but overall funding levels must be approved by Congress.
Still other neighborhoods that are almost entirely abandoned might be used for reforestation or experimental fields where sunflowers and other plants could be used to detoxify contaminated land.
Those include aid to about 600 widows, a back-to-school store that has outfitted more than 8,000 preschool and elementary children over 11 years, and a Kids Community Closet that provides access to clothes for emergency needs to more than 2,700 preschool and elementary school children.
øBreeder: Woodford Thoroughbreds.
Predicting just how many heed that call is difficult. The Seattle protests attracted a minimum of 35,000; just a few thousand demonstrated at this year's G-8 in Deauville, France; while at least 400,000 marched through downtown Chicago for immigrant rights in 2006.
"I think of the accident when I watch shows, movies, if someone is switching lanes without a blinker, when people cross streets," he said.
In the John Rush Street Memorial, William Meister took first place riding Any Key, followed by Jackson Roberts on Catch the Echo and James Slater on Voler Bar Nuit.
You just might need it.
"She wrote it for about 16 months by hand," said Harrington, a reading specialist in Oregon City. "She took (her notebook) wherever she went and wrote and wrote."
Still, the lowest project bid arrived nearly $180,000 above the estimated cost. The cities of Wilsonville and Sherwood agreed to split the project's bill.
Reserve guard Lance Stephenson missed practice because he was dealing with a viral infection and the medical staff thought it was best that he stay away from his teammates.
The original permit extension act included a section that didn’t allow permits to be extended if projects were located in "environmentally sensitive areas," such as those that may have rare plants or animals.
The National Weather Service has been gradually rolling out the technology across the country.
"Particularly in these difficult times for the ministry, the ministry's decision to spend its money on attorneys and court proceedings is bewildering to us," Arvella Schuller wrote in the statement. "We cannot continue to serve on the board in what has become an adversarial and negative atmosphere especially since it now seems that it will not be ending anytime soon."
With 2:11 left in the first quarter, a strong group in one corner of TD Garden started a "New York Knicks!" chant when James shot free throws.
A quick aside: Rasmus since moving on to Toronto has gone from plus-3 at the break to minus-2 on August 4, minus-2 on August 21 and now minus-1 at the SkyDome. His zero runs saved rank 20th in the majors.
Two days after Lautenberg’s hearing, the chairman of New Jersey’s Assembly Transportation, Public Works and Independent Authorities Committee will co-host a bi-state legislative hearing with a Republican New York state Senator at the College of Staten Island.
He also noted the acquisition of veteran cornerbacks Ron Bartell and Shawntae Spencer as important.
The borough and VFW-sponsored activities will take place in Sloan Park off Main Street Thursday at 11 a.m. (973) 492-3212.
A task force of officers from Woodbridge, Metuchen and South Brunswick flooded the area, and State Police in a helicopter joined the unsuccessful search for the third bandit, authorities said.
Nov. 9 Bye
To the north, Hillsboro planners see urban reserves stretching west of Jackson School Road along Dairy Creek and east to Rock Creek. To the south, the city will seek urban reserves east of the Tualatin River and north of Southwest Farmington Road.
Migliorini is a schmoozer who drops anecdotes about his family and injects self-deprecating humor into his meetings with city officials.
You know, I thought I saw this the correct way live but when it comes to night games and writing on deadline I’m never positive because so much is happening so quickly. But re-watching it confirms the spot on Pascoe’s 2-yard catch on a third-and-1 the opening drive was atrocious. Line judge Byron Boston marked the ball between the 19- and 20-yard lines — a yard and a half further than the furthest Pascoe’s forward progress took him. I’m not even positive he had the first down there. It didn’t matter because the Giants punted but Boston was right there and I can’t believe he botched that spot so badly.
Sixth grade: Melissa Budnicki, Cynthia Buettner, David Clark, Anna Coracy, Emily Falbe, Hannah Ferguson, Rachael Gray, Rachel Harrison, Karlie Jeffries, Ryan Johnson, Allison Johnston, Emma Knoebel, Kastilla Maine, Eva Marciak, Madison Parker, Christian Wilson, Morgan Wilson
Faster economic growth is spurring the additional hiring. The economy expanded at an annual rate of 2.8 percent in the final three months of last year -- a full percentage point higher than in the previous quarter.
In a three and a half minute video statement heavy on nonprofit buzzwords and low on specifics, Nancy Brinker said the funding cut came as part of "new granting strategies and criteria" to improve impact measurement, eliminate duplication and ensure that grants to providers are actually "providing the life-saving mammograms" all necessary to further the organization's mission.
When thousands of people fled the choking smoke and intense heat of the Station fire, a couple living in Big Tujunga Canyon - on the southwestern edge of the 105,000-acre Snow inferno - didn't seem to get why everyone was making such a big deal.
Michelle Helms, a spokeswoman for the Corps' Portland District, said officials are consulting with the EPA and noted that the Corps is still gathering public comment on the Ambre proposal. "We're very early in this process," she said. "We'll evaluate all the comments and the issues they bring up."
Don't shy away from ibuprofen or aspirin if you need it occasionally. And try using a heating pad or drugstore heat wrap after walking to keep your muscles from stiffening up; that also could be causing your pain.
And if the new form of fundraising is able to achieve that promise, then maybe it is something we can all get behind.
MORRISTOWN — Kashif Parvaiz's bail was raised to $3 million this afternoon after Prosecutor Robert Bianchi referred to the accused killer as "sociopathic," and "narcissistic," during his hearing at the Morris County Courthouse today.
"I thought Rodney and Songo'o added a lot of energy," Spencer said.
In fact, this group went unblemished (25-0), something the previous three teams didn't do even with Babcock.
“I heard the song, and it was just a tremendous, tremendous horror of a tune,” he tells Popeater.com at the VH1 Save the Music Gala. “I noticed a few similarities in the melody, but it wasn’t enough to pick up the phone and argue with somebody about it. If anything, I just wanted my $1.29 back that I spent on iTunes.”
City staff proposed the refinancing and the council voted it in on June 21. The loan refinancing replaces an expiring line of credit from Wells Fargo that the city intends to use to begin paying back principal on its loan for the West End Building, in addition to interest.
Count another former commission member who's irked by Mayor Ed Lee's handling (or lack thereof) of his removal. As we've reported, Police Commissioner Jamie Slaughter and Health Commissioners Jim Illig and Steven Tierney were told by Lee's secretary in phone calls that they were off their boards.
That's a pretty grim choice.
A That was the first original idea I had. Your first efforts are sort of rewrites of your heroes' stuff. I was fiddling around with a guitar one day and I came up with that line, even though it's a bit of a mouthful: "What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?" I could not believe that I had this original idea. I remember thinking: "Don't mess this up. Keep it a bit opaque here. Don't get too specific or too smart-ass about it."
Peter Martin Quartet featuring Warren Wolf
It is said, the ruins were actually in good shape until the 18th century when Sultan Moulay Ismail pulled them down to use for the monumental palace he was building in nearby Meknes.
The mayor’s budget for 2010-11 also includes money for college scholarships using utility revenue, which is collected from ratepayers and must be spent on the delivery of utilities. After July 1, the average Portland household will pay about $234 every three months for water and sewer services.
The case began last week. Thin gruel, maybe, as far as the evidence was concerned, but the state had one advantage, I thought. The crime was so heinous - the video of the crime scene was hard to watch, and the testimony of Hanneken's fiancée was emotional - that if a juror thought that Winfrey did it, that might be enough. Who cares about reasonable doubt?
One of the deadliest is listeria.
The fallen - in this case a schizophrenic man named Terry Joe Sedlacek - found First Baptist Church of Maryville about 8:30 a.m. on March 8, 2009. Armed with 30 rounds of ammunition, Sedlacek approached the pulpit and shot Winters through the heart. Sedlacek then allegedly stabbed two members of the congregation. He had no connection to the church, and police couldn't determine a motive. A judge has found that Sedlacek is mentally unfit to stand trial.
Sullenberger will fly his final flight Wednesday afternoon, along with his co-pilot during the Hudson landing, First Officer Jeff Skiles. Sullenberger will end his 30-year career when he lands at his home base at Charlotte (N.C.) Douglas International Airport. He will officially retire at a private ceremony there with fellow pilots and other US Airways employees.
Lt. Mark Losponusa, who runs both the SWAP and SLAP in Sussex County, said inmates generally welcome the opportunity to perform community service.
Under the anti-violence initiative, now in its second phase, more than 2,300 people -- including 606 suspected gang members -- have been arrested. Officials said they also seized 409 guns, $5.3 million in drugs and $2.2 million in cash.
Denver has been kind to the Broncos when the team and fans welcome a new NFL season in Colorado. The Broncos are 22-3 in home openers since John Elway's second season in 1984.
One day at the restaurant, Mendoza slipped on bacon grease and broke his left hand. Doctors inserted two metal pins to straighten the limb. Mendoza quit his job and learned to tie a shoe with one hand, using a pen as a placeholder. He now lives on disability from Social Security, his wife on a part-time job at Assisted Living.
“It’s very close right now. I think everybody has been pretty impressed with both guys against some pretty good defenses,” Shanahan said. “We’ve got a few more practices and a game to look at it, then we’ll make a decision if we say something before the (Giants) game — or go all the way to the game.”
Fill a medium bowl with ice.
The four seasons
French glass and building materials giant Saint-Gobain will take control of Faribault-based Sage Electrochromics, a deal that could accelerate sales of Sage's innovative "smart glass" windows.
The casarecce del ortolano, pasta sautéed with fresh spring vegetables and a light wine sauce, was “bland and tasted like gravy, and I don’t mean sauce gravy,” according to Tango. Friedeman called it her least favorite pasta dish of the day, and the rigatoni bolognese her least favorite sauce.
The star of the Cub Cadet tour is its new RZT-S Zero Turn Rider with a steering wheel. Zero turn -- does that mean that the mower never turns, and you have to just keep going and going? No, it simply refers to the mower's small turning radius. This makes it easier to drive in tight spaces around trees and flower beds, and shortens the time you spend trimming.
But a poor education will seal their fate faster.
* Jermaine S. Ausby, 39, of Broden Avenue in Trenton, was arrested Tuesday and charged for a failure to appear warrant from Trenton and two from Upper Deerfield. He was lodged in the Cumberland County Jail in lieu of $3,604 bail.
The Vikings picked up the 26-year-old quarterback in late December from the Giants practice squad. He was a 15th pick of the fifth round in the 2009 draft by the Giants after playing two seasons at Sam Houston State.
On the clock: The red light stopping Warrensville Center Road traffic at South Euclid's Okalona Road dragged on . . . and on . . . and on. Twenty-four seconds, by Road Rant's count.
May 04, 2012 10:46 AM EDT
"It's not the best, but better than some neighboring school districts," he said.
Recently, several residents there said they were unhappy about the prospect of paying higher taxes, especially considering they had no problems with the status quo.
"The biggest thing I learned from football is winning the second half," Thenell said. "It all comes from the last two events."
The gene mutation also makes men more susceptible to breast cancer, prostate cancer and other cancers. Men can pass the gene along, too.
Households began borrowing less and saving more when the country fell into recession and unemployment surged.
“We are taking steps to minimize the odor, which could be influenced by changes in wind direction and weather tonight,” she said late Thursday. “We have been applying foam on top of the oil outside the tank, and equipment is being put in place to pump the oil into tanks. In addition, we have transferred almost all the oil remaining in the leaking tank to another tank.”
Islamabad, Pakistan -- Two U.S. generals conferred with Pakistan's army chief on Wednesday in a high-stakes meeting aimed at nudging Islamabad to resume a cooperative relationship with the United States.
Algerian authorities are considering tax incentives for foreign oil companies, but mostly for difficult terrains such as offshore and risky onshore acreage, according to energy minister Youcef Yousfi. These include large swaths of shale—which has proven a game changer in the U.S. with huge discoveries of oil and gas.
Thank you for your time and for all the help you have given everyone through the years.
√ No 625
The lawyer, however, was in Florida.
Repeat winners also get to recite the alphabet backwards.
School District spokeswoman Shana Kemp said Williams, 18, had not cooperated with police when questioned. If the victim doesn't cooperate, charges typically aren't filed, police officials said.
3 Angela Potrykus Missouri
But Oregon took the second half kickoff and drove it 88 yards for the go-ahead score. Darron Thomas produced the touchdown by hitting De’Anthony Thomas with a 23-yard touchdown pass.
Austin Jackson went 4-for-5 to improve his average to .314, and this doesn't feel like a fluke. Jackson is drawing walks more, striking out a bit less and driving the ball more than he did the past two years. It's early, but he looks good.
The notion of bridges, of connections -- of helixes, as he likes to put it -- is a key one, because Weschler is a writer with an idea. As with all enthusiasts, the idea is both simple and immensely complicated, having in his case to do with seeing, with "waking people, and myself, up to the possibilities. Slapping people. Notice. Take notice. This is amazing. This is so cool."
Hey, Tony: Since watching another dismal performance by Colt McCoy against Seattle, I can't stop thinking about Andrew Luck implications in the next draft. What if the Colts or the Rams end up getting him? What happens to Peyton Manning or Sam Bradford, or to be more precise, is there a chance that the Browns somehow trade for one of them? -- Miroslav Stefanovic, Serbia
Faucette led the way with 10 kills on 11 attempts against Central. Rygelski pitched in with eight kills, and Sparkman had five kills and three aces.
Dimora had asked U.S. District Court Judge Sara Lioi to allow his two corruption-related cases to be combined into one, and to allow him more time to prepare his defense.
Downtown urban renewal: Adams in October halted discussion for a massive urban renewal district stretching from trendy Northwest Portland south to Portland State University. The district over 25 years would have generated as much as $345 million in property tax dollars for redevelopment across 345 acres.
We tried various colors of jigs, at various depths -- and caught nothing.
When the pomp and delayed ceremonies were over today, Wainwright finally took the Busch Stadium mound at 3:59 p.m for the home opener. Thirteen pitches later, the righthander who is a year and a couple of months removed from Tommy John elbow surgery, found himself down 4-0.
Why they’re here: Just how good is QB Collin Klein? K-State somehow won 10 games in the No. 2 conference in college football—despite an average defense and a decent run game (not including Klein).
On New Year's Eve, the singer, 30, and husband Jay-Z feasted on fried chicken and oysters at Buttermilk Channel in Brooklyn.
Weve got to get this straight: Its not about Prince and me, Cabrera said. Weve got 25 guys, its about the Detroit Tigers, its about everybody here. We feel comfortable about everybody here so lets play ball and play hard.
There was no debt crisis in Britain, for example, which is now experiencing its first double-dip recession since the 1970s.
Instead, the network says it will use an intro featuring Hall of Fame running back Barry Sanders and soul singer Jimmy Scott prior to the Chicago Bears at Detroit Lions game Monday night. The introduction will change each week.
The young students, engineers and laborers are followers of Hazem Salah abu Ismail, a lawyer and holy man whose poetic blend of populism and ultraconservative Salafi Islam has turned him into a leading presidential candidate. Posters with Ismail's gray beard and boyish face seem to hang on every street and alley across this ancient city.
Veterans contending with PTSD could face significant challenges lasting years to a lifetime. However, they do not need to live alone with PTSD, which can be triggered by combat, natural disasters, sexual assault or other life-threatening situations. No veteran or family member should believe that they are without hope. It is not hopeless, and we can help.
"My dad has a dog, so I've been out here with him since I was about 16," said Grant Stegehuis, 20, the CGDA's youngest member from Arvada. "Now that I have my own dog, I realize it's a lot different training your own dog. There's a lot more patience involved. I have to remind myself that she's only 2 years old, so she's getting there.
The Cardinals (14-0) steadily pulled away from Glenwood Springs (12-2) after Elizabeth took a 15-6 lead into halftime.
It's true that you might find the same souvenirs in a large department store, with a firm price. But where's the fun in that? Store shopping can be quicker and easier — but it's never as memorable.
In between, DaPrato had assistant coaching stops at Sacramento City College and UC Davis and head-coaching stints at Modesto Junior College, New Mexico Highlands and Chabot College in Hayward. DaPrato retired from Chabot as athletic director last year and for years has lived in West Sacramento.
The ball that went through Boston Red Sox first baseman Bill Buckner's legs sold to an anonymous bidder for $418,250.
"Our progress has been phenomenal," said Merritt Paulson, owner of the Timbers.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 49 points, or 0.4%, to 13231 in early trading Wednesday. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gave up seven points, or 0.5%, to 1398, while the Nasdaq Composite dropped nine points, or 0.3%, to 3042.
For more information, email Dawn Magee at mageed@udts.org.
The program, borrowed from Bogota, Colombia, and brought here under former Mayor Gavin Newsom in 2008, has proved popular, and Lee is exploring the feasibility of holding more frequent Sunday Streets.
For now, the online and mobile versions come with few or no ads as the Disney subsidiary experiments with interactive advertising. During TV commercials, the online version often puts up a message that says "Commercial break. We'll be right back."
As for the impact a Democratic governor might have - one way or the other - on the career of an ambitious young Democratic prosecutor . . . well, that goes without saying.
NORWAY: Progress Party in Norway. Holds 41 of 169 seats in parliament. Norway's biggest opposition party. More moderate than many European counterparts.
Consumer demand fell more than Dell anticipated, and in an interview, Chief Financial Officer Brian Gladden attributed some of this to the market for consumer PCs being saturated in developed countries. He added that while tablet computers are still a small portion of the PC market, there's "clearly an impact" from them on consumer demand for traditional PCs.
"We're not going to be that team at the end of the year, even in a good year, (that's) going to hit 180 or anything like that," he replied. "But I'm confident we'll hit more than nine in a month. I think that's hard to do for the most part."
The Rams' kickoff return unit could be ready for the challenge, though. The Rams have held opponents to an average start from the 19-yard line, second best in the league. Of the Rams' 14 kickoffs this season, the unit has allowed only two returns beyond the 20-yard line, none beyond the 30.
Preliminary research took the ballparks' designers to the Casa Grande Ruins National Monument (home to the ancient civilization of the Hohokam people), in Coolidge, about halfway between Phoenix and Tucson. Not so coincidentally, this is the site of the state's most prominent historic ball courts.
But the grandmotherly looking 75-year-old Englewood woman has a son who repeatedly took a car registered in her name to New York to feed his drug habit, blowing through tolls on the George Washington Bridge to the tune of $21,365, plus another $102,141 in penalty fees.
Denver West 16 14 19 29 — 78
John Allen, Vatican analyst for the National Catholic Reporter, has dubbed this trend "Taliban Catholicism." But he says it's not a strictly conservative phenomenon -- liberals can fit the mindset, too, Allen says. Some left-leaning Catholics are outraged by any exercise of church authority.
On the campaign trail, all the 13 candidates have had to face public exposure, often more focused on the personal than on their economic or social programs. That could be a sign of how their programs had few clear differences on tackling Egypt's myriad of woes — but also a reflection of the new fixation of finding out as much as possible about the new leader.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.17, or 0.01 percent, to 1,196.52. The Nasdaq composite index fell 0.29, or 0.01 percent, to 2,514.11.
Dividends provide the comfort of an income stream and cushion against falling stock prices. And dividend stocks often have higher growth rates than nondividend stocks, says Mr. Trennert. "The theory is that the discipline of having to pay a dividend generally helps companies avoid bad mistakes," he says.
Obama's declaration of support "reaffirms the path we are on in Oregon," Frazzini says.
Sen. Jason Crowell, R-Cape Girardeau, is among the senators who have pushed for years to limit the state's exploding tax credits.
The breach was magnified given its timing, coming just nine days after a Nigerian man tried to down a Detroit-bound Northwest Airlines flight with a chemical bomb.
The iPhone 4S is also a "world phone," which means it can run on both major forms of mobile technology. Apple also announced, almost as an after-thought, that the third-largest U.S. network provider, Sprint Nextel Corp.,
Divine intervention:
Mei slips free of her captors, but only temporarily. The Chinese Triads want her, and the Russian mob, and crooked cops playing both against each other, led by Capt. Wolf (Robert John Burke). That's when Luke sees her and finds, in her, a purpose: keep her "Safe."
Hours: 11 to 1 p.m. (or food runs out) Mon.-Fri.
"The idea is just to show some good hospitality."
In recent weeks, candidates' photographs and banners have adorned the capital, Damascus, in what regime supporters say is a sign of burgeoning reform in a country ruled by one family for more than four decades. But critics are deeply skeptical, saying the vote — and the candidates — largely have been orchestrated by the government.
"My husband and I were excluded like dog food," she said. "It's not that you want to sit in the courtroom and see pictures of your murdered one; you want to be there to make sure the facts come forward."
"There is no easy way to do it," he says.
On the other hand, health, fitness and increasing longevity mean boomers may remain in their homes longer than their parents and grandparents. Mayflower CEO David McGuffin said he expects the average age of new residents to increase from the 70s to the 80s with the boomer generation.
In the past two years, Two Harbors, created by the veteran mortgage investment team at Minnetonka-based Pine River Capital, has raised nearly $2 billion in public capital that has enabled it build a nearly $10 billion portfolio of government- and non-government-backed mortgages valued at about $2.2 billion recently.
Being on the Summit Trail is like being on a freeway during rush hour and hearing what people are saying. The trail is a microcosm of Phoenix.
Greensfelder, Hemker & Gale PC law firm raised and donated $23,000 to the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Missouri.
In California, with the nation's third-highest unemployment rate, the number of welfare caseloads has swelled by nearly one-fourth since the recession began, to a half-million families this summer, according to state figures. But in Michigan, with the second-highest unemployment, caseloads had increased by just 2 percent as of this spring, federal figures show. And in Rhode Island, with the fourth-highest unemployment, caseloads had decreased by 10 percent.
"Resort" is set on a remote location called Wuhu Island where players try a dozen different challenges including archery, sword fighting and wakeboarding, in addition to refined versions of a couple sports first featured in "Wii Sports." MotionPlus is packaged with the game and sold separately.
That case would also ensnare the head of internal investigations, Maj. Nathan Warfield, who was not charged in the drug case but was transferred after photos surfaced of him socializing with Redd.
The diatribe became a YouTube standard, with some calling it the best postgame meltdown ever by a college coach.
In a sign of discontent, Yahoo shares sagged after the numbers came out, deepening a steep drop in Yahoo's market value that has been driven during the past two months by uncertainty over a key investment in Chinese Internet company Alibaba Group.
ALSO: Games, including mah jong, Scrabble and jigsaw puzzles, 1-4 p.m.
An orange construction barrel now fronts the battered sign to prevent any more knock-down hits delivered by passing traffic. A Road Rant scout reported seeing the all-important red marker on the ground at least four times in late December and January. The city stationed the barrel at the spot after this column noted the troubling trend.
In other words, they were caught by cats themselves, orphaned by cats or are fledglings that were "rescued" to prevent ultimately being preyed upon by cats. His organization has documented more than 100 local bird species caught by cats.
Last week, the House passed a bill that might begin to do that. Republicans' sympathies still lie with the lords
Washington, D.C. -- The state of Ohio says you don't get anything for free -- not even free money, $176.3 million worth from the federal government to expand benefits for jobless Ohioans.
As chief judge of the Court of Appeals, Lippman presides over New York's Office of Court Administration -- with its 18,000-plus employees, $2.7 billion budget and life-and-death grip on issues of intense interest to trial lawyers everywhere.
charged with one count each of official misconduct and theft.
But when "Bobby Thompson" (a stolen identity) was arrested after leaving Biddy McGraw's Irish Pub carrying a cane and backpack with three fake Canadian ID cards inside along with $2,500, he was living a life on the lam since disappearing in 2010 when investigators first started closing in. His real name is still unknown.
Motorcycle safety courses, successfully completed, can get you a break on insurance premiums. Why not offer incentives for drivers who take safety courses? Why not require minivan drivers to take a safety course, then reward them when they pass with lower insurance premiums?
Kid attractor: It's Iron Man and Thor and Hulk and Captain America, plus Black Widow and Hawkeye
Remember, no more use of "winning" as a complete sentence. Please.
Air Force officials could not immediately be reached for further comment.
Notre Dame had its own star fan in former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who earned a graduate degree at the school. The Irish were wearing their green uniforms for the first time since last season's title loss.
Even for a seasoned pro, Mathis found the experience of recording in Nashville eye-opening.
"Wisconsin is now in the vortex of the national election," Santorum said. "You can show the rest of the country that here in Wisconsin, that what you've done here in this state not only is a marker for how states need to be run to get government under control and bring freedom back at the state level, but you can send that same signal in this Republican primary to the entire country."
The simple fact is, lawmakers didn't want to be embarrassed again - and made to look like they weren't doing their jobs by not approving a spending plan until the leaves turned brown.
Five months after a monkey was scalded to death in an industrial washing machine at its lab in Pennington, Bristol-Myers Squibb has again been cited by the U.S. Department of Agriculture after a second crab-eating macaque died at a New Jersey facility.
Marty Cothern, national key accounts manager for helmet manufacturer Riddell, can't drive as easily to Newberg from his Chicago office but said he has been equally happy with Hydro Graphics.
A: The flowers of melons, cucumbers and squash have male and female flowers on separate plants. If the flowers open and a female flower does not get pollinated, the small undeveloped fruit behind the flower will abort. Lack of pollination can be the result of not having both the male and the female flowers present on the same morning, or if both are present you did not have pollinators working that morning. You can pollinate the female flowers yourself by clipping a male flower from a plant (the flower with a regular stem behind it). Peel the petals from that flower so they are not in the way of your work and gently dab pollen onto your female flowers (the ones that have a bulge at the stem attachment). One male can pollinate four or five female flowers. With pollination, the fruit behind the female flower will further develop into your harvestable fruit.
Sianis said three of the five prospective sites he got calls about Thursday were for locations farther north — inside and outside the Loop — another in Greektown to the west and one not far from the current Washington Street site.
A preliminary federal report on the crash is due next week.
The site appears to be at or near what is now the Scotch Hall Preserve, a golf course and residential community just across the Albemarle Sound from Edenton.
“All lanes and ramps will be closed between Montlake Boulevard in Seattle and Interstate 405 in Bellevue,” the Washington State Department of Transportation said in a statement.
Two years later, according to a pending federal warrant, Chicago police interviewed the victim's niece, who had spoken to a sister of Sergio and Jesus. The sister told her that Sergio Mendoza had confessed to killing Gamboa, but the sister put out a false story asserting that Sergio and his brother fled to Colima, Mexico, but were killed in a car accident, according to a federal warrant.
Sykes dropped Gutierrez for a seven-yard loss on the drive's opening play. Gutierrez bounced back by leading the Command down to the San Jose 11, but Maka sacked him for a 6-yard loss and Sykes did the same two plays later, forcing Kansas City to attempt a 38-yard field goal.
“With three lanes in each direction, a speed limit of 50 mph along most of the route, and dotted with retail destinations, the Burlington Pike is a perfect example of the dangerous suburban thoroughfares we’ve found to be most deadly for pedestrians,” executive director Kate Slevin said.
'Criminal Minds'
"Everything you hear about him from studying tape or working in practice is absolutely true," Fulmer said. "I told him a couple times after practice — he'd practice on his own — that he's got to lighten up on the receivers. He's wearing them out."
Lombardi supported Murray, who is under contract through the 2012-13 season, through several slumps last season but sought more consistency this season from a team he projected to be a player or two away from Stanley Cup contention. However, the Kings, who were among the NHL's lowest-scoring teams last season with 219 goals, are on pace to score 184 goals, a total that probably would not get them into the playoffs.
What I think has changed recently is that people are more aware of these issues and at least what they think fair use is and have begun pushing back, sometimes winning.
Furmans defense attorney said the case is being overblown.
øEvans: Wait, Thor's immortal, isn't he?
They had the same problem in Game 1 of their series against Chicago last season when they blew a 10-point lead in the final 3 minutes.
The Clinic's Executive Chief Nursing Officer Sarah Sinclair said the recruiting event is a "one-stop shopping" experience in which applicants will have interviews, background checks and health screenings. The entire process should take about four hours; normally it takes weeks.
One segment of the population believes that it's patently unfair to single out Muslims while investigating potential terrorist threats.
Anyone who knows Lamb’s whereabouts should not attempt to apprehend him. Instead, contact the Gloucester County Prosecutor’s Office at 856-384-5643 or GCPO Sgt. Barry Johnson at 856-498-5485.
Such bargains reflect the staggering price declines that are expected to continue to fall under the pressure of the still-growing number of foreclosures.
“This has always been a pet peeve on mine since I read about them in California where they made the basins into parks for children, and when the heavy rains came, some of them died.
Fieldston @ Poly Prep (Wednesday, 4:30 p.m.)
Giannone's hometown is in shock, she said.
Maj. Gen. James L. Terry, then commander of the 10th Mountain Division, went along with the recommendation. Miller successfully completed his treatment and was granted an honorable discharge.
Displaying the anguish of a parent's grief, Seau's father pulled up to the home about 8:30 a.m., surveyed the colorful array of tributes and sobbed.
There's rarely a day off in the bar industry and that's just how Ben Brengle likes it. As the general manager at Power Plant Live's Luckies Tavern for the past three years, the 29-year-old Federal Hill resident has seen everything from big national acts such as Cage the Elephant perform on the Luckies stage to having another bar handed to him to manage (Luckies Liquor). "It seems natural to work in the hectic atmosphere," said Brengle. "We are open 105 hours a week and it's 100 miles per hour the entire time. I wouldn't have it any other way." Thankfully, Brengle spared a few moments to chat with b about the best and worst traits in bartenders, strip club food and more.
2003: Duke 67, CSU 57
For more and more people that's now a portrait of a vanished world.
Fans watching the javelin competition on a field just north of the stadium began rhythmically clapping when she stepped onto the runway for her sixth attempt.
"He was to Great Britain what Mel Bay was to the United States," Kramer said, referring to the American guitar player who published instructional books for guitar and other instruments.
Moore described the bill's demise as a setback and said that the technology community "has come out a bit hysterically against this."
Venus is the most obvious, shining brilliantly in the west after sunset. Jupiter, bright but not nearly as bright as Venus, hangs well below Earth's closest planetary neighbor.
— pro-football reference.com
On Monday, his will perform at Unity Concert. The concert, part of the Tri-C Jazz Fest, is the culmination of a daylong educational program in which young musicians are paired up with students.
Then there's ice cream. Swensen's started at the corner of Union and Hyde in 1948. Since then, the business has expanded to more than 300 outlets worldwide and created more than 160 flavors.
Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller and House Speaker Michael E. Busch both said the chambers have made headway, though there is no agreement on the details of legislation to raise taxes to avoid the cuts.
Parker is president of the Municipal Group, L.L.C., based in Ann Arbor. The Municipal Group provides organizational assessments, recruitment and training, community and economic development, personnel, and interim staff services to cities, townships and counties nationwide. Parker has also served as city manager in several local units of government across Michigan and Illinois.
On Wall Street on Wednesday, the Dow closed lower for the sixth day in a row, down 0.8 percent at 12,835.06. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.7 percent to 1,354.58 and the Nasdaq composite average Nasdaq dropped 0.4 percent to 2,934.71.
A final consideration is how much the car will be worth after a few years. The average GM owner trades his or her car in after 5.2 years, according to Edmunds.com.
Iowa was considered a contender for the basement, but the Hawkeyes have posted wins over Michigan, which was No. 13 at the time, and Wisconsin, which was No. 11.
The Bee found that at least 68 Sacramento County CPS workers had a variety of convictions or arrests for crimes that included drug possession or sales, weapons possession, spousal abuse and prostitution.
She had entered the gymnasium at the Archdiocesan Youth Retreat Center with her two children and dog, but led them outside before questioning the governor. She left immediately after the exchange, and neither the teachers union nor Christie’s spokesman, Michael Drewniak, could identify her.
In Northern India, marginalized Muslim women print press and stamp images on recycled paper created from old newspapers, cotton rags and denim jeans. Your purchase of Raven + Lily stationary helps these women to support their families and maintain their independence. Additionally, Raven + Lily's beaded jewelry supports the women of Northern Ethiopia. Artillery shells from former war conflicts found on farmers' land are given to bead makers, and local women are employed to craft the jewelry collection, thanks to Raven + Lily's partnership. The delicate yet powerful designs, made from melted bullets and vintage coins, are a beautiful way to support sustainability. ravenandlily.com
Favorite subject: Math. "I like working with numbers and I can analyze the problems. Math is challenging for me."
Years of allegations and complaints from city staff and competing contractors that Portland's parking manager was accepting bribes while steering multimillion-dollar city contracts to a Florida parking meter supplier culminated Wednesday in a federal raid on the manager's Portland office and home.
Now, confusingly, Avastin is back in the news again — this time, with positive results in two early trials of women with early-stage breast cancer whose tumors have not traveled beyond the breast or nearby lymph nodes.
Woodson is the Swiss Army knife in the Packers' defense, capable of taking on a receiver outside or in the slot, assuming the role of a linebacker and blitzing with surprising efficiency.
Van Gundy was actually asked after the loss to Washington whether Wizards C Kevin Seraphin (24 points) benefited from Howard missing the game. "That's about as laughable a question as I've ever heard," Van Gundy said.
"Just as we have everything from sandlot softball to the World Series, so too the ballgames in Mesoamerica," Reents-Budet says. "Some of the games were pure sport, and the Spanish explorers in the 16th century were really upset because everyone was betting on them.
“I don’t have an impulse. I’m waiting to get briefed on it,” he said.
"The facts are clear, the science is clear and the law is clear," Boxer said.
the worthiest, the wisest and most muscular in warfare
Ashley Wilson, 21, of Queens, N.Y, said police told her the bus had had a flat tire.
"It's not normal," Jimenez said. "We're not meant to be up there."
In the second half as Fussell's cool demeanor permeated the Tigers, they began to knock the ball around and take their time. She helped change the complexion of the game about midway through the second half when she broke in on the left side and won the end line. She went hard at the goalkeeper who came off her line. Fussell floated a beauty of a ball high and towards the goalmouth. Junior Emily Pedroli was there to chest it down and into the wide open net. Had she not been there, sophomore striker Nicole Mard was there too.
It stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Dr. Watson, a veteran of the current war in Afghanistan.
"We made history and that's all I can say."
In related developments, Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota said repealing President Barack Obama's health care law would be a big part of his platform if he runs for president in 2012.
Message to Kansas City: You’re probably on your own until after the November election.
Spencer Hawes led a Philadelphia fourth-quarter comeback to remember, letting a late go-ahead jumper fly from just inside the 3-point arc to help the Sixers rally from 14 points down to beat the Chicago Bulls 79-74 on Friday night and take a 2-1 lead in their Eastern Conference playoff series.
How else to explain what happened to the Cavaliers the past two seasons?
"There is no factual basis for this PPO," Griem wrote, adding that Bashara "chooses to take the high road and say no more."
The odds would appear to be in Hendrick's favor. The four combined wins by Gordon and Johnson are the most by any team in 11 years of racing at Kansas. Johnson's three poles and Gordon's eight top-fives finishes are the most by any drivers at the track.
But the program hasn't been a perennial Top 10 contender, like it had been through the 1990s -- not that Paterno measured success entirely by the outcome on the field.
Jesse Carbonaro was crossing the road about 8 p.m. when he was hit by a 1997 Chevy Tahoe driven by Laconda Coleman, 37, of Lakehurst, Toms River police chief Tom Mastronardy said.
Meanwhile, at Davis-Besse, the NRC still has a special inspection team trying to figure out whether the on-going corrosion problems of components in the reactor's lid are inherent to the reactor or have somehow been caused by how FirstEnergy operates the reactor. That team won't report out a couple of months.
“At the top of the stretch, I really thought we had it,” Bodemeister jockey Mike Smith said. “I really thought we had it, but I knew we were in trouble when I saw Doug's horse coming.”
“Because of our concern for the public, we are encouraging them to be extremely vigilant and to keep an eye out for anything suspicious that they may see. If they do see anything suspicious, we are requesting that they immediately contact local law enforcement to report it,” he said in an interview with The Times.
Kiwanis Club of Richmond Heights annual golf outing at Pine Ridge Country Club in Wickliffe is Aug. 10. Cost is $80 per person, which includes greens fees, cart, lunch, beverages and four-course Italian dinner. RSVP by Aug. 3. For details, contact Jim Giarelli, 330-405-1441.
"I got out there and had a blast the first year," he said. "It was different than what I thought it was going to be, in terms of endurance, and it really is not just about power, but it is really a team sport and how everyone has to be on the same page on how they paddle."
"They said I should spend time with my wife and take care of her."
Signature Series Jeffrey Mumford's inventive series of free concerts at Lorain County Community College's Stocker Arts Center begins Tuesday, Oct. 11, with a recital by violinist Jenny Lin. The season includes performances by cellist Saeunn Thorsteinsdottir, pianist Michelle Cann, Duo Diorama and the Almeda Trio.
He added to his defensive prowess Saturday with the fumble recovery and score.
That's kind of a weird coincidence.
Missing juvenile. 10:35 a.m. Monday. 22700 block of Malaga Way.
For the red wines, experts suggest light- to medium-bodied fruity reds that are not too tannic. That means cabernet sauvignon is not a good match for the Thanksgiving meal. A better choice would be wines made from pinot noir grapes or reds from the French appellations of Côtes du Rhône and Beaujolais. Some people like to include a California zinfandel, which can be rich, spicy and mouthfilling. Be aware, though, that some zins have an alcohol level that's over 15 percent, which can be troublesome the next morning if you overindulge.
"I felt like I almost had no one that would help me through it or be there for me," recalled Katie, 16, now a junior at Maryvale Preparatory School in Brooklandville. "You just feel alone. I kept telling myself, I'll be out of middle school in no time and I'll get a fresh start."
In at least one recent case, the Orlando Magic did pay some pre-development costs for that city's arena, where the team is tenant in a city-owned facility. Team spokesman Joel Glass declined to say how much the Magic paid.
Have you reached out to Joe Paterno?
"Personally, I think it's interesting to have a seemingly liberal, left-leaning candidate who we come to learn is up to these nefarious acts and that the people working for him fall in various places on the moral spectrum," Willimon said. "In truth, this sort of behavior is very bipartisan. 'Ides' could have just as easily been a film about a Republican candidate and his staff."
If you are a low- to moderate-income taxpayer and you shell out any money to have your taxes done, you're likely paying too much.
He transferred to San Diego State but was later academically disqualified. Eventually he talked his way into a night law school program and managed to pass the California Bar exam on his first try. After law school, Kavinoky worked briefly at a firm before starting his own practice, which has since expanded to multiple offices throughout California, specializing in DUI criminal defense work. Kavinoky credits Mel Gibson's 2006 drunken driving arrest and anti-Semitic rant with getting him on TV.
He wrote, "The testimony of MSD's witnesses demonstrates that its Stormwater User Charge bears no relation to the level of services it actually provides to an individual property owner, but rather is simply a way of apportioning its total stormwater costs amongst its fee payers."
Among the lines by Kennedy is one that seems tailor-made to address the controversy that has followed the LAUSD's attempts, adamantly opposed by the Los Angeles Conservancy and other preservationists, to knock down Myron Hunt's 1921 hotel complex and replace it with a new campus costing more than $578 million, a streamlined but conservative piece of work by Pasadena firm Gonzalez Goodale Architects. "The world," it reads, "demands the qualities of youth: not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease."
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh or canned pineapple
Citywide garage sale this weekend
"It's basically the driest month to do this," Canaday said. "All the adverse effects of logging are minimized in this time."
Another chance to grab the limelight: The makers of Botox are putting on a contest to appear in an ad in People magazine.
In this district just southeast of Downtown, art galleries, local shops and restaurants are packed together in a way that's particularly conducive to sharing customers. And yes, the Cultural Trail helps, even though the leg of it stretching from Downtown is still under construction.
The Forest Service, meanwhile, estimates the increased consultation will increase its workload by 10 to 15 percent during reviews of proposed actions in the Northwest alone.
Senior Vina Vo, 17, said she will be the first in her family to go to college. So she sets the bar high for herself because she wants to be a good example to younger siblings and cousins.
All he knows is, after years of doing things strictly for the money, he wanted to take this one on as a labor of love - something to give back to the city where he built his empire.
On the defense, the adjustments and assessments also are ongoing.
Chiarello said his town tried to share a court system with five neighboring towns, but wound up only sharing with one.
Monetti says the policy went overboard: "We want to be good stewards of our donors money but we felt that was way too restrictive."
The perfect gift for: not only the lonely.
3531 Ward St., $129,000
For several hours Monday, investigators described how they combed through the vehicle, dusting it for fingerprints and using special lights on carpets and upholstery to identify potential evidence.
"I spend half of my day here. The video games are fascinating," said Abdirizak Muse, a 16-year-old who dropped out of his Mogadishu school in early 2011 after al-Shabab militants dug trenches around it.
The play will be studied and performed in some Portland high schools this fall as part of a racial equity training program. It runs well over two hours with one intermission.
The Robert Half International report, based on interviews with 1,300 supervisors, overflows with examples:
AP Sports Writers Rachel Cohen in New York and Joedy McCreary in Durham, N.C., contributed to this report.
Rose said his ankle began to throb on the bench before he returned in the fourth quarter.
Reality Show Clip Time: Among our local competitors on fall reality shows are Soul'd Out, the Wilsonville High School a cappella choir trying to win "The Sing-Off" (8 p.m., KGW, 9/19); a Medford family will be featured on the season premiere of "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" (7 p.m., KATU, 9/25); Albany couple Bill and Cathi Alden on "The Amazing Race" (8 p.m., KOIN, 9/25); Patrick Ferrari, also of Albany, on "The Biggest Loser" (8 p.m., KGW, 9/20); and, at press time, at least, Portlanders Bryce Black and Becky Ross were still in the running on "Project Runway" (9 p.m., Lifetime, Thursdays).
Masters said she will no longer be able to afford her home in Lake Elsinore and plans to move in with her fiancée. For her, the retirement “is a blessing in disguise. But if I wasn't getting married, what would I do, where would I go?”
Team scores — Cheyenne Mountain 21, Niwot 19, Kent Denver 16, Air Academy 11, Classical Academy 9, Alexander Dawson 6, Steamboat Springs 5, Mullen 5, Discovery Canyon 4, Valor Christian 3, Aspen 3, Broomfield 2, Pueblo Central 1, Pueblo Centennial 1, Golden 1, Lewis-Palmer 1, Longmont 1, Montrose 1, Silver Creek, Palmer Ridge 1.
“She is just very genuine,” she said.
“The number is completely fake,” he said.
Rottenborn recently returned from maternity leave to work four days week. Sidley has offered flexible hours to lawyers since the 1980s and has a history of promoting associates on reduced hours to partnership.
The magazine will still be available in its slick print version - at least for now - but it makes sense for an organization that, like the industry it covers, is suffering from financial constraints.
Dr. A.J. Chandler, the city's founder, had business associates who served on the board of the Southern Pacific Railroad and they used that influence to help get the town connected. The rail spur extending from Mesa to Chandler (which began in 1910) helped spur the development of the Southeast Valley and eventually helped connect Phoenix to the southern branch of the Transcontinental Railroad.
"Hydraulic fracturing is one small part of a complicated operation that includes 'processed water', or water that has been pumped full of chemicals and sand. Industry officials admit that this water can contain sand, guar, clay stabilizer, surfactants and hydrochloric acid ... some experts have estimated that as many as 750 different chemicals can be used in fracking water," said Rep. Fedor. "Storing and injecting 'processed water' raises the very same concerns as does the initial drilling. Will this water, once injected back into the earth, contaminate drinking water?"
"We are fortunate that a lot of the news services are headquartered here and they come all throughout the show," said Mark Schienberg, president of the greater New York Dealers Association.
"Rinsing" glasses is a fine way to incorporate a small amount of a liqueur or spirit to a drink by coating the interior of the glass. This is easily achieved by pouring about a half-ounce into the glass, tilting it so that the liquid reaches the rim, then rotating the glass until the entire interior has been coated. Then you simply discard the excess liqueur and strain your cocktail into the glass.
"To say they've answered the call, I would say they haven't yet," Zach Smith said. "They've improved and made more plays, but not at the level we want them to and need them to. They've done better, and they need to do a lot better before you can say they've answered his demands and my demands."
Beaverton Farmers Market opens (May 12): One of the state's best places to score fresh produce returns. Look for mid-spring favorites like asparagus, artichokes and peas, along with an array of greens, mushrooms and baked goods.
The shooting marked the second in three days in inner Southeast Portland. Sunday a bouncer was fatally shot in front of a nightclub on Southeast Morrison Street. No arrests have been made.
As prices rose, one looked for alternatives. First there were off-brands and generics. Then I started rolling my own, at first with a little machine and eventually with just my fingers.
Speaking at a meeting of the state Board of Education, Cerf said "we stand by" controversial data about charter school performance released in January, but acknowledged that "deeper analysis" is necessary.
Teeth of the Dog finished third.
Currently, there are tons of indigenous Spanish and Portuguese varietals on display plus an arneis from Santa Ynez, a gruner veltliner from San Luis Obispo, txakolina from Basque Country, and natural wines from the Old and New worlds. It sounds complicated, but Acevedo-Vanni's philosophy is simple.
Individual all-around qualifiers for the 2012 Auburn Regional Championships are: Nicole Allen (Ball State), Taylor Zondervan (Western Michigan), Cepeda Carter (Western Michigan), Megan Harrington (Bowling Green) and Gina Locigno (Bowling Green).
Stanislas Wawrinka (3), Switzerland, def. Ivan Navarro, Spain, 7-6 (5), 6-1.
"It sticks to the grilling surface of the bread and adds a crispy outside," Walker said. "You get a punch with the Parmesan and then another cheese inside."
135 GREEN FOREST ESTATES DR $180,000
Perhaps the most daunting pre-college task, beyond packing boxes and selecting classes, is parting with family, friends and the comforts of home.
Both Makena and its generic equivalent, which is custom-made by compounding pharmacies, are used to regulate levels of the hormone progesterone, which helps maintain a pregnancy.
Though the situation looked bleak, Manchin said miracles can happen and pointed to the 2006 Sago Mine explosion that killed 12. Crews found miner Randal McCloy Jr. alive after he was trapped for more than 40 hours in an atmosphere poisoned with carbon monoxide.
"None of this needed to happen," prosecutor Greg Peinado said at the sentencing. "It started as a fist fight and it turned into murder."
Dr. John Vargo, chair of the department of gastroenterology and hepatology at the Cleveland Clinic, has had success with a few of his patients, but cautions that the drug is not a panacea.
JumpStart hopes to get an assessment of its services in an upcoming economic analysis by Cleveland State University. The group also is talking about an independent, third-party audit of its results, since critics have questioned the legitimacy of the CSU reports, which are based on data JumpStart collects.
"I think it's great when celebrities support something and really take action," she said.
Seating is limited. Cost for the chef demonstrations is $5 per person per session.
In September, the Congressional Oversight Panel reviewing the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program said most of the $23 billion initially provided to General Motors and Chrysler late last year was unlikely to be repaid. GAO did not provide an estimate of how much might be returned to taxpayers.
UO coach Chip Kelly said he liked to hold Wednesday practices outside, weather permitting, because it allowed the Ducks to do more in their kicking game.
The district sought requests to perform its annual financial audit and received six responses, including one from Plante Moran and the two firms - Hungerford and Co. and Yeo and Yeo - which made presentations to the board at a recent special meeting.
Think of it as "farm to pint." For Ruhstaller 1881, Hoey sourced his barley from Northern California and some hops that hail from the Clear Lake area. Sacramento restaurants that emphasize localism are serving this beer, including Magpie Cafe, Grange and Mulvaney's B&L. It sells for about $5 a pint.
On the mainland, several huge waves inundated part of the major port city of Talcahuano, near hard-hit Concepcion. A large boat was swept more than a block inland.
Hasay led a 1-3-4 UO finish in the event last year to kick start Oregon's run to the 2011 title.
All I wanted was a really good homemade pizza.
Curry said he'll be in a protective boot for two or three more weeks, plans to be in Oakland for draft prospects' workouts during portions of this month and June and is holding out the possibility of practicing with the Las Vegas Summer League team in July.
Edwards and Biffle were the only two drivers to lock down their starting positions. The rest of the starting order for next Sunday's race is set through Thursday's twin 150-mile qualifying races.
The Cuban pulled-pork sandwich ($7.50) suffered slightly from a similar lack of moisture/sauce in the pulled pork, but the bread was toasted to a chewy, crunchy balance, and the pickles and Dijon mustard went most of the way toward remedying the drought. The french fries ($2) came sprinkled with parsley, salt and pepper, and were hot, golden, soft on the inside and crunchy outside.
'One Lucky Elephant'
"We didn't have it hanging over our heads because it happened in the dead of night," he said. "We didn't have all the agonizing water torture that the people went through here in Sacramento. We were just all of a sudden faced with a loss rather than the fear and anticipation of the loss. It was a very different deal.
In Minnesota, we gather thousands of pairs of eyeglasses each year and send them to the Eyeglass Recycling Center in Wisconsin -- one of 11 worldwide locations. In fact, more than 1 million pairs are processed at this facility each year, with 450,000 pairs sent to developing countries.
"If you invest like most people, there is no difference," Mr. Tresidder said. Investors, he argues, understand the odds. "The only way you will profit over time is either by sheer luck or by betting on positive mathematical expectancy situations," he said.
This week, city leaders celebrated the completion of a $13 million project to transform a freeway segment into a landscaped boulevard with sidewalks and bike lanes.
Flooding in Thailand, where Honda has parts suppliers and assembly lines, made it too difficult to forecast earnings for the full fiscal year through March 2012. A projection will be announced when it becomes available, the company said.
According to the report, nearly $850 million in annual bridge repair spending is needed to improve the bridges, but the expected bankruptcy of the state's Transportation Trust Fund could hamper this process.
Indianapolis-based Heartland Truly Moving Pictures gave "Bully" its Truly Moving Picture award last week.
President Ronald Reagan did something similar back in 1987-88, when Iran tried the same threat. Our Navy provided armed escort for tankers passing through the Gulf, sinking Iranian warships and crippling its oil platforms along the way. His actions almost toppled the Ayatollah Khomeini’s regime then. Such a move could do the same to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad now.
Radulov re-wrote the KHL record book — he's the league's career goals leader — before Nashville general manager David Poile lured him back to the team that took him in the first round of the 2004 draft. He made an immediate impact, scoring his first NHL regular-season goal since March 20, 2008, when he beat Fleury on a rebound midway through the second.
Kelly: I don’t know what I would do without him.
At FAMU the band is so deeply identified with the school, its image is on the school's home page. The band helps earn the school money, and in turn, hands out scholarships to students who are vigorously recruited, many from Atlanta high schools.
The loop's cheap.
They are accused of failing to alert police to complaints that former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky had sexually abused boys. They are also charged with lying to a state grand jury investigating the former defensive coordinator.
But Hughes, 47, who had painstakingly prepared nearly all of the meal singlehandedly, wasn’t there to enjoy it. Hughes was shot dead at his Newark townhouse just two nights before, according to authorities and family members. The shooter, who also attacked Hughes’ family outside the home, remained at large tonight.
Christie countered that politics has always been a part of judicial nominations, and it’s "just laughable" for critics to argue that suddenly "politics is coming into play for the first time in the pristine 60-plus year history of the ... Supreme Court."
The second movement was all classical clarity, while the third as befits music adapted from a dance in Mozart's opera "Idomeneo" perfectly captured the mixture of joy with more serious undertones of the composer's mature music.
It was the first time Puncochar, who said he took CPR classes about 20 or 25 years ago, performed CPR on a person.
Like other ultrabooks, the XPS 13 isn't a bargain computer. It's costlier than the typical, bulkier Windows laptop, which can be had for $400 to $700. But, at $999 with 4 gigabytes of memory and a 128 gigabyte solid-state drive, the Dell is $300 less than the 13-inch MacBook Air with the same specs. Both machines use Intel's
Gary Workman, Bloom's vice president of quality and a 15-year veteran of the NUMMI plant, helped lure Convis out of retirement.
You were wrong to fight Fair Districts in the first place. You were wrong to try to overturn your constituents' vote.
A deep, sustaining, timeless friendship is rare and at times hard to find, maintain or believe in. It is priceless, a gift and a treasure. A friend is someone who knows all about you and likes you just the same. My favorite friendship greeting is a hearty New York City "Haya Doin?".
Personal Travel, a small travel agency in Greenville, Ind., offers layaway, said owner Kimberly Kane. About 90% of her clients use the program.
Cooper Doxey
Randy Brown defended Dewey in the original case. He recalled finding out mid-trial that a bloody handprint found in Taylor's shower actually belonged to an agent for the Colorado Bureau of Investigation.
Unroll the pie crust and set into a pie pan, crimping and trimming as needed to form an even edge. Set aside.
Nevertheless, Hohokam attracts more spectators than any other Cactus League stadium (203,105 last year). An exhibition about Cactus League history at the Arizona Museum for Youth, through Nov. 7, has extended baseball fever to downtown this spring.
There was a celebration at Oriole Park that night, but not one that anyone had foreseen. Players poured onto the field. Fans screamed, hugged and cried in absolute jubilation.
"The planes fly right overhead, and you can see them between the two beams," said David Abrams, communications director for County Executive John R. Leopold and chairman of the county's 9-11 Memorial Committee. "That has a powerful effect."
Tornado program "Tornado Alley with Sean Casey," a program hosted by Storm Chasers star Sean Casey, with a screening of the new IMAX film Tornado Alley, will be at 8 p.m. at the Denver Museum of Nature & Science, 2001 Colorado Blvd. Cost is $18 nonmember, $15 student or DMNS member, and $12 children ages 3-12. Info: dmns.org/ or call 303-370-6000.
Business owners say the ordinance is overdue.
Remember the olden days, before Google, when it took a lot of effort and know-how to find out all kinds of personal information about someone?
While Florida stumbled through April, the last series of the month was the toughest. Facing Arkansas, which boasts the best staff ERA (2.68) in the SEC, proved to be too much to handle for a slumping squad.
On many Saturday mornings, owner Allyson Jossel, with her 8-month-old son strapped to her chest, works the floor of this 70-seat restaurant. Her husband, co-owner Laurence Jossel, drops off a gunnysack filled with Rancho Gordo beans on his way to Nopa, the couple's other restaurant just a couple blocks away, where he'll deliver produce he's picked up at the Ferry Plaza Farmers Market. Jeff Hanak, the third owner, is also on the floor while chefs Jose Ramos and Gonzalo Guzman work in the open kitchen, cooking up what in my mind is far and away the best Mexican food in the Bay Area.
DENVER — Zach Lutz earned the first start of his career Friday night. He played first base, as Ike Davis sat against Rockies lefty Drew Pomeranz.
The following schools fell on the state’s severe list, meaning 25% or more of the school’s classrooms were flagged with wrong-to-right changes that fell well above the state average.
"But you'll break out of it. Somewhere along the way, playing well once will spur us back to playing well."
With Renteria mulling retirement at the end of the season, he did his best to help another franchise move a step closer to ending a long championship drought. The Giants have not won the World Series since moving to San Francisco for the 1958 season.
With the average age of the vehicles on the road approaching 11 years, this scenario is being repeated at dealerships across the country, said Lacey Plache, chief economist at auto information company Edmunds.com.
Korea Express and CJ CheilJedang slumped after CJ Group was named the preferred bidder for a 37.6% stake in Korea Express, amid concerns about CJ's capacity to finance such a large deal; Korea Express fell 5.9% and CJ CheilJedang fell 6.4%,
F 13 Josh Owens (6-8, Sr.): 12.8 ppg, 5.8 rpg
A medical examination showed evidence of rape through internal bruising and cuts, the police report states. The girl and Willner tested positive for chlamydia, a sexually transmitted disease. Police arrested him after receiving the test results.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is unlikely to have raised much, but he has an excuse: His senior staff, including some fundraisers, resigned en masse. A campaign aide said Gingrich was hurrying to raise as much as possible, holding a conference call with 12,000 small donors early in the week and spending two days raising funds in California.
Poets and pioneers. Turn-of-the-century madams who were built like a moose and doubled as the brothel's bouncer. Wildmen, Wobblies and whistle punks.
Voters weary of corruption and kickbacks ousted the traditional county government in 2009, swapping three commissioners and array of elected officials for an elected executive and 11-member council.
His testimony was physically revolting. Inside the Oslo court, a man who lost his son on the island closed his eyes hard, squeezing them shut. Another man to his left put a comforting hand to his shoulder. A woman to his right clutched onto him, resting her forehead against his arm.
We asked you to vote on which icon should get a surf bar at John Wayne Airport. The names of the surfing celebrities are tied to two competing food service proposals at the airport.
Principal: Marti J. Cizek, president.
While it’s clear Ovilde’s religious conversion brought change to her children, it’s equally clear she was a troubled mother long before she met Rezireksyon Kris.
In the case of the greatest of American movie icons, John Wayne, the screen image was too big for one director to claim; straightforward, men’s-men moviemakers like Raoul Walsh, Howard Hawks and Henry Hathaway all contributed to the legend.
BART: Get off at the Montgomery, Powell or Civic Center stations. BART will provide longer trains all day and run event trains before and after the celebration. Trains will operate on a regular schedule at 15-minute intervals on three lines: Richmond to Fremont, Pittsburg/Bay Point to Daly City and Dublin/Pleasanton to
The idea of an all-female cast - dancing to the haunting music of another woman, cellist Zoe Keating, who will perform live with the Magik*Magik Orchestra - in a piece by a woman seems to delight Way. On one level, she is emphasizing the virtuosity that she can draw out of their collective efforts. Snippets of the choreography shown demonstrate the agility and allegro attack that is a hallmark of the company.
"It's a huge relief," Amukamara said. "I've been second (place) . . . since freshman year, and it feels good to capture the win today."
Tomboy, directed by Celine Sciamma, France, 2011, 84 minutes, in French with English subtitles
"MCSO, through its specialized units and specialized operations, has targeted Latinos in their homes and in their workplaces in a discriminatory and otherwise unconstitutional manner," the complaint reads. "At the same time, MCSO has knowingly failed to implement adequate policies, training, or accountability mechanisms to prevent unlawful discrimination against Latinos."
He’s mostly right, other than the fact that the new high school is a spectacular oasis. Kids get a clear impression about how their communities feel about them just from the kind of facilities their city and state provide, and the high school is the jewel of a $45 million education complex built mostly (81 percent) through state funding. A remnant of the former Harding High lies across the parking lot, perfectly preserved, facing Elm Road.
Fenton began contracting with the county in 1995. Mayor Dennis Hancock estimates that the city's deal with the county saves the municipality more than $500,000 a year.
"But I can't worry about any of that. I just want to give it my all while I'm here and see how everything works out.''
For sweet miso sauce:
An NFL Scout's take: "Paea gets to the backfield and disrupts with his penetration. He has a chance in the first round but will probably go in the early second round."
Which, of course, are ultimately concerns about your friend and her pattern - so please frame them that way: "You've asked me a few times about Adam. Are you having reservations?" Listening is never a bad strategy when speaking is problematic.
About 420 passenger trains use the Portal Bridge each weekday to access New York’s Penn Station. The current two-track bridge will be replaced by a three-track bridge.
Conklin spoke not only about ongoing events and activities in downtown, but also about future goals. The next project is a Norman Rockwell-esque ice-skating rink in Sunset Park, between the chamber building and the Lake Charlevoix shoreline.
1615 Strecker Pines Ct, $328,000
Michael Karder, 52, Akron
Osborn Maledon is expected to advise Babeu's office with regard to public records that have been or will be sought by investigators, Albo said.
2006: Sam Gregory: "Measure for Measure," "After Ashley," "Amadeus," "Season's Greetings"
Earthy ravioli made with dough from chestnut flour came beneath shreds of duck confit and wild mushrooms. Silky creamed cauliflower soup was dolloped with morsels of tender lobster and the pop of sweet corn.
Added Grimm: "It is as clear as daylight that there is little to no oversight on how or where the (toll) money is spent."
"It's not going to be a rush," he said. "It's more important to go through the process, get all the information, get all the input and let people speak. Sometimes it takes a little longer once you get into it."
From the Poynter article:
GREENSBORO, N.C.  John Edwards' first reaction when he learned his mistress may be pregnant was to downplay the chances he was the father, calling the woman a "crazy slut," his former close campaign aide testified today.
Patrick Sharp scored two goals, Duncan Keith had four assists and Corey Crawford made 24 saves as the Chicago Blackhawks beat the host Columbus Blue Jackets 5-1 on Tuesday night to sweep the season series.
Foreign businesses have been attracted by the robust growth in recent years in Southeast Asia's largest economy, as well as by two international credit-rating firms' upgrades in recent months, which raised the country's debt to investment grade for the first time in 14 years.
Event 34 Men 200 Meter Dash
That decision obviously will depend on how many counts - if any - Blagojevich is convicted of and the potential penalty he faces. Many of the counts in the indictment carry statutory sentences of up to 20 years in prison, while a few carry five years.
"Could he be? Yeah, I guess. But it won't be here right now, if that's what you're asking," Leyland said. "Because he's done good in the bullpen, everybody wants to know if I'm going to start him right now. And the answer to that is no -- emphatically no right now.
As waterways go, San Marcos Creek is hardly iconic. Even in the spring, it's barely noticeable next to the city's hardware stores, banks and eateries.
Beverly Nelson and her husband, Kevin, sent their four daughters to the school and now have custody of their grandchild Shawn, a sophomore at Del Val who is multi-racial and transgender. The Nelsons are foster and adoptive parents and moved to Holland Township 18 years ago.
"I'm able to connect more to my loved ones. I'm able to connect more to life itself. I now do things for my own enjoyment.
"I remember one time his leg hurt so bad . . . he was laying in the bed and his leg was shaking," he said. "He still went on stage that night and played the show."
Lunch 11:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Monday-Friday, until 3 p.m. Saturday; dinner 5:30-10 p.m. Monday-Friday, until 11 p.m. Saturday. Full bar. Reservations and credit cards accepted. Difficult street parking; Fifth and Mission Garage nearby.
A few years ago, that land was slated for townhouses, to be built by the Coral Co. of University Heights. Those plans fizzled during the recession, as the housing crisis made lenders skittish about financing residential construction. So University Circle Inc. solicited new pitches from developers and recently chose the apartment proposal from WXZ.
On June 5, Californians will have the opportunity to pass Proposition 29, the California Cancer Research Act. By adding $1 tax per pack of cigarettes and equivalent tax on other tobacco products, Prop. 29 will save an estimated 104,500 lives from premature smoking-caused deaths, prevent 228,700 children from becoming adult smokers and save Californian taxpayers an estimated $5.1 billion in long-term health costs from declines in smoking.
Would she say yes?
More than 200 people gathered at the community center along North Albina Avenue to witness the ribbon cutting event and take a tour of the eco-friendly building for the first time.
Too bad artists such as her are few and far between on real-life airwaves.
Freeman: Only new loans, right. Nobody's getting a rate cut on anything. And even on the new loans, going forward, it's not everybody. It's not all categories of student loans. But it's enough. And under budget rules, it's $6 billion next year, and if this 3.4% rate gets capped, it's going to be a lot more in the future.
Bart Simpson: "Aren't we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas? You know, the birth of Santa."
"Obviously I'm doing something against them that's not working," Dunn said. "I feel fine in the box, but when I do get a pitch to hit, I miss it. Probably pulling off a little bit against the lefty."
Roswell Mayor Jere Wood says he and 13 other mayors in Fulton and DeKalb counties will oppose the proposed transportation sales tax if the current list of projects is not changed.
Hunter is the pastor of the 15,000 member Northland church in the Orlando area. He prays regularly with the president and last February, Michelle Obama visited his church.
The sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Rabbani was killed Tuesday evening at his home in Kabul.
That raised hopes that more economic stimulus might be on the way. The Dow rose about 60 points after the minutes were released, but retreated not long after.
Dave Feldman, the lead singer of Wyldfire and a DJ at local clubs, lives a few blocks from Iris and spends an inordinate amount of his discretionary income shopping for vinyl. “Every day should be Record Store Day!” he enthuses. “One of my happiest vinyl moments was when I got a promo copy of Adam and The Ants Kings of The Wild Frontier, which had this sick Ants catalog with interviews and junk. You never know what kinda treasure you're gonna get with vinyl.”
But just as it has become the largest target for small companies -- it logged 46 million unique visitors in June, according to Nielsen/Netratings -- MySpace appears to be taking away the punch bowl by sometimes blocking out third-party services entirely.
"It was a sunny spring day (last) March 26," he recalled. "I went over to my grandmother's house where I found my 12-year-old cousins playing video games. They had been doing it for three hours. I asked them if they wanted to go play at the park, baseball maybe. They looked at me with blank stares and bloodshot eyes from playing video games. It really just broke my heart.
Le Pen, leader of the National Front party, had received just under 20% of the votes, the strongest showing her party has ever made, as ballots were still being counted late Sunday. Hollande had about 29% of the votes and Sarkozy about 27%.
The Yankees appear committed to keeping Montero behind the plate.
"This is a really good example of what we're trying to do down here," Linkner said, "finding the best and brightest entrepreneurs, of which there are many in this region -- and provide not just capital, but facilities, advice, mentorship, coaching, guidance and helping them use Detroit as a launchpad for their businesses."
Doors open at 6 p.m. Performances by Michael Pace and Eric Stanley will begin at about 7 p.m. Tickets are $1.
The Cardinals took a 3-0 lead against J.A. Happ in the third inning. Matt Holiday singled for the second time to drive in one run. The other two runs came home on singles by David Freese and Yadier Molina. The Cardinals had six singles in the inning, stranding the bases loaded.
It was quite a delightful announcement, actually, evoking everything from "Star Wars" to toilet bowls, not the usual pallid fare you tend to get whether someone is running for student council or the presidency. It reminded me of how witty Kiefaber can be, even when he's also being obsessive and aggrieved, which is his usual state when it comes to the loss of his beloved theater.
Arizona has one of the largest Mormon populations of any state. There are 383,000 Mormons in Arizona, or nearly 6 percent of the population, according to the church.
Supreme cynics are they - and masters of the politics of division as well.
"Given how weak the housing market has been this year, it is surprising that prices have not fallen further," Newport wrote in a research note Tuesday.
We are doing everything we can to work with law enforcement and the search and rescue crews to make sure you can get back to us as soon as possible.
He's hitting .581 with 13 RBI.
But the memory of last season, when he never came close to living up to expectations, remains.
Mr. Ekpo also was president of the Sacramento chapter of African Christian Fellowship. He devoted himself to building bridges to America for other immigrants through faith, family and community.
The robber gave an employee a bag to fill with cash, Detective Matthew Bandurski said.
I think what inflames people about opinion articles like this is that it reveals a logical flaw in our social and mental makeup that we can't really understand. Brown essentially argues that society is now rampant with poseurs because of how easy it is to spend a weekend on Wikipedia learning about a geeky topic and declare one’s self a geek.
Levon Helm, the Band's commanding drummer and singer, whose solid beat and Arkansas twang helped define classics from the tragic "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" to the playful "Up on Cripple Creek," died Thursday. He was 71.
The other day the Pratt boasted on Twitter that a star from "The Wire" had just been photographed for the institution's "Get Carded" program. Perhaps some "Wire"-ness rubbed off.
"Except when it's going on," I say.
But within the budget for 2011-12 is $8,000 set aside to investigate whether students actually live within the district. Clayton's budget for residency investigations is $6,000.
Either the mitral or aortic valves can be replaced with metal or tissue valves. The advantage of a metal valve is long-term durability, making the need for surgery later on less likely.
Hillsborough Township residents evacuated Monday from three mid-rise apartment buildings after a power outage and carbon monoxide buildup were allowed to return to their homes early this morning, police said.
Tammy Williams will be the guest speaker. Williams has been the leader and involved in many other women events. She is the administrative assistant for Ministry to Men, a non-denominational men's group serving the St. Charles County area.
"I like blending in," the sophomore said with a shrug. "My friends know I golf, but that's about it. I don't like talking about it."
To participated in the show, call (800) 499-9246 or e-mail newarktoday@wbgo.org during the hours of the broadcast.
Doing things right starts with simple things like learning how to use hand tools and safety. Students also learn how to work with new construction materials. Skill levels among students vary.
For Almira, 21, a student at St. Louis University, the pain is less severe.
Overly hot oil will burn the outside before the egg cooks within, and if the temperature is too low, the patty will be saturated with too much oil by the time it's done.
MICDS led comfortably for most of the game until Brianna Hawthorne led a late challenge by the Bulldogs. McCluer South-Berkeley cut the lead to 49-45 with 1:40 to play before MICDS closed the door.
“We’re just getting warmed up!” a voice in the crowd called out.
OL Patrick Mannix, sr., Belleville East
Its setting notwithstanding, Fiennes stresses that the film is meant to comment broadly on the modern condition rather than on any specific conflict.
He's calling on supporters of President Barack Obama to make mischief in Tuesday's presidential primary by selecting Paul, a Texas congressman he thinks would have no chance against Obama in November.
Maggie Baker, a psychologist in the Philadelphia area who focuses on money issues, said the husband in a couple she recently met with had been unemployed for more than a year. And while his wife was initially supportive, she had started to feel the burden of supporting the family on her own.
2005 Querciabella Mongrana Maremma Toscana ($18) Half Sangiovese, with the rest comprising Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, produced by one of the best names in Chianti Classico from its new property in the Maremma near the southern Tuscan coast. A bit rustic at first, with some lingering barnyard hints, but a bit of time - better yet, a brief decanting while you peek under the Christmas tree - smooths it out. Dusty, ribboned cherry, gripping berry and plum , plus licorice and balsam highlights, emerge from the earthy base. Drying tannins give it gusto.
And then there's the unflagging Ron Paul, whose continuing accumulation of delegates is delaying the day when Romney can officially claim the GOP nomination.
"You can start with a clear day with calm weather, then make it a little choppy or rain that affects their visibility or nighttime — you can progress the student and you're doing it in a controlled environment," Martino said. "It really makes it real for them."
Bessie, of Laguna Nigel, is dressed up for her adventure flight. Her white hair is curled, blush enhances her cheekbones and a pearl necklace punctuates her coral silk blouse. Since the Great Park started free balloon rides in 2007, she has wanted to go up but never quite made it.
I am not going to lie...but Swedish accents are pretty hot...on walruses.
yes we do
all day I promise to be better
you owe me the 2 hours of my hawaiian vacation currently being spent standing in lax waiting for a new plane.
Everyone. Is wearing red. Everyone.
omg best tt ever Kendall is our cover boy hell yea love this tt
Happy Anniversary!! Today marks 60 years here at Emergency Arts, well it had to have a few lives before us...Thanks to Pennys!
ayo air head ho! I kno nicki use to be a rapper I said I use to be a fan of Fendi*cough cough*i meant nicki
About to upload or first video blog! Stay tuned!
I could see how in certain cases an eyepatch could look cool, like if you were say on a pirate ship and also a ghost
but hey the Rangers have a legit shot to win the cup this year & a Superbowl & Stanley Cup this year wouldn't be bad at all
Just so we're all on the same page, food that makes you poop a lot is the best
NWST: , #SuperCross champ , vs #Indians, wait tables for a cause 930
going clubbing soon. not sure what to wear
She might b the type to flaunt her feathers but when I'm in sight, she know betta...
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
I don't make mistakes, I date them.
"Jeezy like to drank! Jeezy like to smoke! Jeezy like to mix arm & hammer wit his coke!"
Hey everybody
and I'm at your favourite spot eating lunch, David's Cafe.
I don't think I could ever say this but I am utterly disgusted to be NY JETZ fan right now
The conference is in a week and a half! Are you ready? We'll be there...
o ok
Give up being right, totally completely, now and forever. -Deepak Chopra
Enjoyed my afternoon and tasting! Having and a sighting made it even better.
sadly he is :(
So glad I didn't grade this essay first. Problems, yes, but it's one of those redefining essays. It's awesome to be a teacher.
she really likes Scobee, what a year he had last year
also working on how much orange I should go with. Ears? Belly? It's different every time. I'm a fail-forward kind-of guy.
I won 1st place at a beauty pageant.....I was in the audience
My mom just called me "a lyin ass" only my mom!
was in a car accident yesterday
thank u=]
Happy Birthday to those folks who only have them every four years!
People may not realize this but I am one of the early creators of the fusion sound.
Independent Women >>>
looking for a new agent and manager, anyone interested?! www.lacasting.com/amberslaven
I cant wait till is back in Cali! :-)
Totally underwhelmed by the Super Bowl national anthem.
I kno John Cena is hot but god dammit Sandler quit humping my leg!
We appreciate the follow, Susan.
That moment when your telling a story to someone only to look at them and they're gone.
#lifevineworks thanks for following :)
Getting some brownies shipped and then it's time to make some cookie charms. The snowmen are my favorite.
Hey i'm in town next week for an Elle Decor party @ CountryFloors Y don't U come? text me your email and I send U an e-vite
Saw Deathlyhallows Pt. 2 Best Movie Ever. Had me in legit tears at least 3 times.
I don't have your number anymore!
I can't here u it's to dark! Lol
More for
Hunter Myers listed scholarship offers from Nevada, U.C. Davis and Idaho.
**Stay tuned for an upcoming GIVEAWAY!!**
Random thought..I'm not voting in Nov I can't support this one
enjoying a fabulous brunch while drinking coffee and reading the first part of one of incredible #screenplays!
Bears on the clock
Energy adviser Bob McNally boils down oil markets for Congress: voracious global demand + dwindling OPEC spare capacity = high prices.
Don’t run too many miles too slow. Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow! Instead run fewer, faster miles.
We are a family owned and operated music store established 1975!
It's not that it hurt me or my feelings.. It just pissed me off.
so happy to be drinking nyc h20
Indians and White Sox in a rain delay...EVERYTHING SHOULD BE A DOME!
#Breathecarolina kind of morning. #TheVow tonight :)
are you post rapturing in KC or Detroit?
Facebook is totally confusing me now. Wall, no wall...post, can't post...blocked, not blocked...I need a #Facebook whisperer.
RT : G9 goes to ! CONGRATS Helen!
that last tweet asking about refreshments: it's the #MarriageAmerica conference in Orlando. Please come through w/some goodness!
Have you seen our cool Tiffany billboard on I-25 near Montgomery? Thanks for all the hard work Clear Channel! It looks great!
I think there's a high probability of me becoming a "weird" Christian dude in 20 years.
2 presentations, 2 papers and an exam just before finals just isn't fair
our company offer services for t-shirt label changing for A very low price for more info email us at
Stupid girl ruins everything.
yea, but im pissed. im blaming bryan fox.
Well... It was fun hanging out with you for a good 5 minutes
Stop letting your business software frustrations get in the way of your success. Integrate. Relax.
Jus found out I have a shake waiting for me in the freezer
Sometimes awful things have their own beauty. Maybe I'm heartless, like i just don't care.
omg so sorry i forgot to follow
Basketball don't stop even when I dream☁
#Baltimore is definitely a sleeping giant. Back in '96 and '97 a Wednesday night in May at BWW woulda looked like a Sun now.
I'm glad everyone in Twitter knows their Greater Than > and Less Than < your math teachers would be so proud of you all
Getting caught with a flip phone is like getting caught with forces on lol
so glad we got catch up today ,even if it was half eaten smelly dinosaurs ;)
Break out Gusgus!! ESCAPE!!!
All the VIP 'request an invite' parties at #sxsw make me feel like I'm in high school again.
Avisame! We should hang out. On this coast.
Well, looks like spring came back for a few days...
i was about too..... ask you that. lol did you fall from the TOP? :O
shut up squazzle
I'm going May 4th!! Can't wait!
Didn't do my Spanish
How in the name of ____ did Team France qualify for the World's? They don't even have a shot against Borat & team Kazakhstan.
Joe Tamburino weighs in on Amy Senser verdict on FOX 9 Morning News @ 8AM
I'd bet on Mary Brickell Village....Fado likely has left-over green beer from St Paddy's Day....
everytime u get the chance grab the mike n say meezy this for u
them joint hard as shyt fat foolio
I have to find a place where they give piano lessons. In need of a new pastime.
I sell anything I'm a hustler I know how to grind
People have accomplished some pretty amazing things against the odds, it's in our nature. Mars is within our reach
Thank you for the RT and mention. Much appreciated.
#IfIHadAGun I would steal some crack cocaine
Watching nightmare on elm street... #randomashell... idk if I can't take these terrible graphics much longer..
Laying out in the sun, tanning what a beautiful day <3
Lol I guess SOME girls ;) RT : ...chicks claim they won't give him the time of day but $50 million make a girl do strange 'ish
Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking head-to-toe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street.
Um i was still watching that -.-
Damn you and your horrid implementation of frames on your website.
A3: Teach a response chain, like painting, and remove items needed to complete chain. Learner mands for missing item
New nickname Christmas slacker #ihave nothingdoneyet
We could have some pretty fierce hate sex though.
Tweeties I have a question : how do u know if the mixed signals ur getting means they not sure or on bullshit????
RT : Watch out for Miami and Portland.. there killing it ! <<Miami weak, we got way more strip clubs over here. lol
I Love Typography
We're hearing that a farm in Johnsonville, #MN was damaged from the #tornado. No injuries.
With all LA got from MWP, Blake, Pau & Drew Lakers still *just* got bye.
As Taj, my defense would be: I was trying to fire up the Sixers offense for the good of the NBA. RT : Oh, goodbye Taj.
Big ups to for keeping it REAL.
On My Way Baq To The Mil
Off to get my volunteer on at the Tribute WTC Visitor Center
RT if you find Alex attractive. :)
Blake Griffin just flew at him. And still hit the three.
No worries... Packers got this....
Winning today. In such a good mood!
Need a reminder on what people really care about? Hit the Instagram popular page.
Thanks, buddy!
lol in the city
At 's ebook session. Happy to be at a partner institution.
yes goo! xx
On my way! Leh Go! RT : FREE TRAINING PACKAGE 4 ANY1 THAT GO 15 MIN OF MY AB DRILL W/O FOLDING UP LIKE A CHAIR
looks like storm is finally here. Cazy wind. Lots of rain. Still have elec. 1 casualty - TOMATO PLANT DOWN! Repeat tomato plant down.
for a mission trip.
earthtocarla pmsl!! could you drop it off at her tomorrow before school? oh wait no we've all to be in town for half 8 :/
Our students have benefited from using iPads. In 8 weeks, our students grew 1.4 grade levels in a learning goal!!!
Couldn't agree more. It was marvelous.
Just a few more days till spring breal where i am :)
RT : when you head out to the #colts game... please take a new or gently used coat to donate for
Everyday I build in some way.
Now Christmas is over :( we need to get prepared for 2012!!! So what is your New Year's resolution?
Former Ford CEO Red Poling dead at 86 Harold 'Red' Poling, the CEO who helped revive Ford Motor after steering the automaker through the
Clearly lunch meats are our final vodka-infusion frontier.
I can't. Not right now.
#swsummit I disagree with this statement.
I HATE AUTOCORRECT SOMETIMES!!! But then again it could be useful when I don't know how to spell something.
Warped Tour next door at Invesco Field, Sunday, stop by the SKYBOX at hotel VQ receive 1/2 price first cocktail (one per guest)
where u at man?
lol dnt quote me son cause I ain't said sheet ;)
so much for that last update :-(
Friday productivity across the district is about to hit new lows...
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
Interesting Supreme Court debate on health care -- it sounds like sanity is prevailing so far (ie in favor of ObamaCare)
Its all my fault.! Welp! Not a goodnight so far. Ill be happy to make it through tonight.
": Black rims are so sexy!" make a song about it. "black rims and black boys. black rims and black boys."
I just Love J holiday
Are you a Yelp user? Love us? Please leave us a review there!
I once found a neighbor browsing in my garage when I was working in the yard. Hope you still have all your stuff. ;)
No #snow here in sunny Miami.
*TRAFFIC* Box 5-5 S Washington St & Bank St, SE Balto; Auto accident.
my mom said she was going to smack me so hard I would wish I was somewhere else all I can say is too late
It's funny how I can give you all the advice in the world but I can't even tell you my feelings.
you too!
Ha, I was not even fishing on that one, but honestly curious. Hope you will share that with others! Enjoy the conference.
Just signed up and reserved hotel for #sla2010...New Orleans in June... should be just the right amount of heat and humidity to make it fun!
Tell me my dreams aren't realistic, I'll tell you yours aren't big enough.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
Watching the voice
Unfollow this page it got hacked! I need you all to follow my new page pleasee and thanks ;D
Thinking of what to get hubby for the big 4-0 coming up. Any suggestions?
Another Happy Customer! Thanks :-)
is my favorite motown-harajuku dolly
what you two living together? I know it won't!
First day of recording went swimmingly. Four tracks done, moving on shortly
I need a babysitter/nanny in elm grove/brookfield or greenfield areas. Please rt
haha :) it was pretty good! MUCH better then last year! :')
hey i dont blame you -- seattle has a nice little soccer following up there haha
& are gonna turn blue in a minute
Glad to hear your going to be on 2.5 maybe I will start to watch it.I hope you the best. : ) P.S Does that mean no more pranks??
definitely - come find me some time the next couple days
I am retyping my next Poetry Novel today. The Nme of it is "For the Story I for Told" I have about 20 to 30 pages to retype. Though my First
SHUT. UP.
So happy for you! I also need to see Julie & Julia. I have it on hold @ the library but I think a lot of others got there 1st.
Hi Marc! Thanks so much for the RT today. Hope your week is off to a great start!
A little message to LeBron James. Larry Bird and Michael Jordan made those free throws. Just saying.
I have heard of them. Good idea though :D
I finished mine. No idea how. Good luck.
When a girl got a good personality >>>>>>
All night!
He had a new show, can't remember if it was 2011 or 2010. It bombed and disappeared
White wines almost always give me headaches. But sometimes I want to drink a refreshing chilled wine. Suggestions?
Aw! thank you Mr. Hudson. :) RT : Happy bday to the sweetest person ever ;)
thanks- I think is a very happy and non-annoyed tweeter today 💩
I think Applebee's karaoke should be your new pre-show warm up. It's not like doing scales helps or anything
I really dug 'If I Ever Get Around To Living'...his vocal tone sounds different on that track, but it worked for me.
We are thinking about raising funds for missionaries that need mobile tech. Any ideas on a rugged Netbook for the mission field?
We're taking some new product pictures today! We'll post some soon. Look forward to it!!
i can't even sing billie holiday. this cold is getting outrageous.
Thanks We have been following for some time now...powerful, simple, brilliant, truthful.
Thanks so much Lisa!
Bout to finish packing
i was trying to be sweet... then you said that. ;)
#FF follow she is your next American idol!!!<3 I love her!
I have got to get the CD. Had a work event of all days. Needed to hear that one.
- What's a disappointment?
And I thought I was the only one who had the 1st Harry Potter hanging around un-opened. Good luck with it.
sure if you can hang
It's cold.... not cool
Four-dimensional storytelling.
Latin America is at least a decade behind US digital culture. Huge opportunity but very high risk.
Big EVERYTHING, . Who you think you're talkin' to? ;-)
oh aight shyt ill just hit u later then crip
Just joined Twitter today. How fun!
I need a pithy phrase to describe headache and shoulder tension from too much Excel work. Any suggestions?
Never using #priceline again. First and last experience was terrible. I would rather pay full price then give them any discounted rate.
--> RT : Dont have phone sex. You might get hearing aids. LOL
hell yeah we did! It was good though!
you girls are nuts! Deff need to see you girls kill it at a show soon.
Pitino can NOT lose next week! I won't be able to take much more.
USC lost to Stanford last I checked...
At Ruth Chris with I think I've died and gone to heaven.
how have you been? Hope your dad is doing good
thanks! Lol, u def da' man! RT “: you're twitter background is sick nasty. #youtheman”
I wish dogs could talk for one day
All my life lessons I've learned from Mr. Feeney
You had a chance to be a hero, in Jax poor choice going to NY
sorry its spam messaging
can't DM b/c you are not following, if you can call me 619-243-3722
i love the feeling of being missed. makes me always feel wanted and thought about. so i let people know when they are missed.
“: what was the first record you ever bought?” hhmm I think it was either Hanson or Spice Girls haha!!!
Kobe's always gonna be #1 so what's ur pt? And why R U so hostile all of a sudden? LOL
If you're attending #TXLA12 today, stop by the "1001 Great Ideas" poster session 4-5:30 and visit me! I have ONE GREAT IDEA!
RT - Do me a favor and check all those links out so you'll be in the know for the 2011 Miami Dolphins season. Plenty of hi...
I think I buy Elle Collections for the editorial design as much as for the fashion. AW11 is out. Impeccable as always.
don't do it unless you want an exercise in patience.
That girl's pink hoodie looked like someone took a dump on it...
Facebook has become a very useful tool for discovering my friends' favorite posts by George Takei.
Since when are white guys criminals and gross
un huh
We are excited to welcome Melinda White (), to the Board!
Wanna dance? It's National Dance a Polka day - no clowning around - ok, some of that too; it's International Clown week...
RT this for a Goodnight S/O ^__^
See you soon on the corner of India and Cedar! 4 PM.
follow me pleasee im ur biggest fan and ive been with you since day 1
Are you the same on the outside as on the inside?
Finally I join a gym that plays both "Remedy" and "Lagrange" in the same workout!
Just cause I was raped when I was 9 dosent mean I have to fuck with every guy who hits on me now that I'm 23 .
When you're looking for excellence, you'll never discover the shortcut.
I really fucking hate texting.
Christmas music and hot chocolate makes #grading so much more bearable!
i know I do miss my brother
o snaps haha is it the first day on the job?
Outpatient Access Deductible-This is when ins co's no longer want to treat you in hospitals and do it outpatient due to medical technology
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdoms...
Dude. Great #skeptictank podcast with Steve Simeone. Really.
I'd ask how my friends are doing, but I probably couldn't hear them over the Diablo 3 click-storm.
It was VERY tasty! Would also be good with some turkey sausage (as suggested) or tuna/salmon.
I'll mark my calendar for sure
i'll get back to you, m'lady! i'm not sure when me and my roadtrip leaving are leaving for
so does that mean you think it is time for a Howard The Duck prequel? He hasn't retouched that yet.
Awesome! You know me...always up for a good concert!
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
We promise!!!!
Jared Allen is friggin awesome...the dude just motors for 60 mins. Proud to have him on the team
falling asleep <<<<<
my email:
thanks for the FF.
I'm excited to see Think Like a Man...looks like it'll be Hilarious!
is it good lol
do you work tomorrow?
Wonderful day with the family
Thanks for the add.
going to start a nudist colony, bye world
Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book. You know what we mean? Indigo Tree Publishing
Just got out of X-men... O Hollywood, if it wasn't for your incredible marketing abilities you'd be broke. Love them indy films more & more
STILL A TEENAGE VIRGIN.... Better known as an endangered species.
Hm i do wonder...
lol i hate my life. isnt that awesome.
do you mind having so many actors follow you?
RT : Sacramento's weather is so bipolar.
Radio and the cherp of birds shall put me to sleep to nite
going to the mall tomor before i go to six flags
Who are your top 5 in the #KyDerby? Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
ya I always follow people back!(:
Sky is womb and she's the moon. Seriously.
can't wait to see you too!
Wednesday March 7th.
Always thinking about new ways to engage undergrads in using special collections materials...any brilliant ideas, twitterworld?
me too but it's to cold right now “: Glad I have a pool I can jump into whenever I feel like it :)”
Big day! Thanks Tony! RT : Grats on the release of Parallel Mafia! Big day for you and the team! :)
Libraries are still intellectual sanctuaries.
Could Washington get any more corrupt and screwed up? Repubs? Dems? It doesn't seem to matter - crony capitalism. Bah!
#20ThingsAboutMe: Every time I ride a dirtbike, I always fall atleast once
Off to the store shopping for another era themed dinner party tonight. Can't wait to see what I come up with.
What's going on?
No T-Mobile service since Madison means no Google maps. Trying xGPS with downloaded maps.
we keep talking about it on the TV,online & the radio they might consider us it's better shot then the Olympics you with me V-Dub!
In all seriousness, it wouldn't surprise me if the official name of this bowl has a hashtag or an @ symbol in it.
RT : Network becomes one large distributed cloud data center – see the demo at Intel booth -
indeed. thanks for the follow. hope you like our site. follow us on facebook.
omg when is it on! this diserves to be recorded like ASAP.
12 days till home... i think i can, i think i can
damn, hate depending or waiting on people. This is 2 days in a row my buddy forgot the disc I need -_-
Excited! SheaMoí Naturelle™ is making moves. In April we will be featured in a media outlet. More details at a later date.
wow thanks for all the love on foobooz--we are thrilled to see we have developed such a loyal following in just a few months!
fyi: it's a full moon this weekend.
Pet fiesta in Reston on Saturday! Going to scout out the potential new bffs :)
The #49ers are now on the clock w selecting the 30th overall pick in the
When you open the door to 's truck, you are blinded by glitter.
im soo happy nick at night shows yes dear now!!! great show way better than that 70's show
what's up with Stevie? Is he just getting old and needs a rest?
Study study write write study study.. thats my plan for here on out!! gotta make mama proud :).
I've always wanted to be a Titans fan. Pretty sure I'll soon have a fantabulous reason to be.
Compare "The Queen Is Dead" with anything Morrissey has done in the past decade. He's got nothing to lose by begging Marr for a reunion.
oh yes I am.
Thanks! I try to throw in a little insight here and there.
Thanks for sharing.
Yo me and Nephew coming thru. Can u wear a hat tonight tho
RT : Congrats to Columbus City Africentric girls. STATE CHAMPS
I'm not an actor, but I stumbled upon your tweets and fell in love with you giving "one asshole's opinion."
On my way to the benefit concert! #pumped!
Yepp He Cool I Approve . Smoked Out In My World #Trell Doe!!
follow me if drose for mvp
Iam what the theropists say...a ticking time bomb.
Today was a product of 100% effort, teamwork and refusing not to win & we made it happen
Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals
Do it! Then tell us all about the behind-the-scenes stuff!
Old boy better lawyer up and get some $$ bc thats beyond messed up
I call him gay C: convince him to go!:o
NOBODY is worth u feeling like shxt, if they are not bringing up stop letting them drag u down
Onna mission to cuff ... ;D Bwahahahaha :b
On the Beat: Hey Monea! is top 10 finalist in Hard Rock Cafe contest
thanks Liz I hope your Cinco is fantabulous!
Not anymore. Congrats on not being a Twitter-orphan.
Finishing up Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN #fridayreads #rereads Hope to start Saul Bellow's HERZOG this week.
I'll never follow my heart I would rather follow GOD cause your heart can be manipulative and deceptive
You Should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's pretty funny
RT : Congratulations to all WU students graduating tomorrow, including the 39 SAs. We're proud of you.
hey!! i'm great. busy work week of course. you?
We are on a roll, averaging $15,000,000 in investment sales every week for the last eight weeks. More to come, stay tuned!
I was awoken by heartburn this morning. My age is catching up to me.
well take an xtra cheese please!
writing night tonight :)
i ddnt kno dis but im good in spanish
I wanna stay in tonight but then again I don't.
Man, whoever invented champagne and orange juice, I'd like to kiss on the mouth. -
Reply me dm
Can't stand this shit anymore
IF I SEND A LINK ITS REAL WHO KEEP SENDING THEM FAKE ASS 2PAC LINKS
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:). Ever have that feeling? Best feeling in the world!
RT "If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!"
I've got your back. Nobody messes with Mother Monster.
Plan on a US trip anytime soon? keep me posted!
You'll be getting a call from the FBI soon.
RT : Number one biggest lie everyone has told: I have read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
You might try asking university students who are doing this already. UNC Greensboro or C.H.?
Thanks! Really fun participating yesterday - looking forward to more!
Why is Austin so sad
I hate when that happens...
Yea we fucked bitch so what
My favorite part had to be when Natalie Portman was rapping. She's such a thug
YOUR MY HERO AND YOU MADE ME SO MUCH STRONGER AS A PERSON,YOUR MY ROLE MODEL(:
I missed seeing you too! what you got mom was cute! #loveyou 😉
Thx!! RT : Nice reconnecting w/ Karen Mack of ! Love "Found LA" program & look forward to partnership w/ Mayor's Office!
just wanted to say I'm thinking of you. Interesting year to work at All Sports Museum, or any sports museum.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash
<3 I Love The Smell Of Rain
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in #SCAA people's choice
Hey #sxsw snap pictures of traffic backups & tweet them with the #atxin2025 tag, to show people what everyday will be like in 15 years
That reminds me. Was it your cellphone in the photo of the infamous broken floor, and did it ever lose signal in the crater?
Dam drake fan much!
Tomorrow night is our first Wing Night. Who can eat the most?
Just get 499 more. ;)
wow abby, forget I even said anything. (haha)
already have.
Saw #thewomaninblack last night. OMG AHHHMMAAAZING!
I don't like that I saw you for a minute yesterday! Can we have a baking date? Make pies and stuff... From scratch.
they go thru a lot on the show. Ima say some prayers.
Finally, we got the winner for the Padres game ticket! We hope you are having fun on that day :)
I absolutly hate this walking cast.
Back in Cali, I luv it and hate it!
(i'm pretending i didn't see this)
Jennifer's picks are in 97th percentile on espn. May be soon to change
That's why they made whiskey.
well hopefully the snow dont mess up plans
Hello, I am one of the leading massage therapists in CS. If any archers need their arms & hands works on. Call me @ 208-0211
only my second #flipclass lesson and i already feel so liberated! much more time to talk to students and help them.
Obama to Parliament: "I am told that the last three speakers here have been the Pope, Her Majesty the Queen, and Nelson Mandela — which...
Monday Mantra: "Dreams are necessary to life. " ~ Anais Nin
Maybe I'll take my wife to Avengers for Mother's Day. I wonder how that would go over.
You can also review our personal security video/photo surveillance application, perfect for college students.
i am going to become a rapper and play at teen nights. how bad ass am i?
Why is it so hard to find extremely B.A. shoes in vegan materials? Why? I feel like every vegan shoe is styled for hippies...
just watching tv, and u? (:
thanks for the add Sistar.
lmao lynn is so scary lmao
Happy mothers day to & !
We have the right to be guilty untile proven something else . We are living in a world of change.Need to press the reset button
How long are you here for?
Yall can blame T Mac for that Josh Smith shot..he was over there buckin his head up after Smith got that dunk haha
that makes me sad
Its official: nobody likes you b/c you call people "cats" : It's official: Arian Foster is the most interesting cat I talk to
Tancred~ Everything comes if a man will only wait.
I'm quite convinced this woman next me incredulously confused #ala10 with AVN awards. Wait! Is Marion Berry mayor again?
Blazers beat a much bigger Spurs team 91-74 for their first victory in the summer league.
When does the game re-air? :)
Ok Ms A&R lol, Im good, None myself
Adele's wings were crack
Hahaha RT : Rumor has it, Syracuse is going to plant a new orange tree in response to the arrival of JJ.
Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon this morning!
I do, but I'm nowhere near. :(
Wait today's not valentines day some one has been lying to me
Oh yeah, no problem! :)
Danngg <.< Is it possible for a person to fall asleep at 8?... No... Only me >.> x3
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and season's greetings to all. Have a safe and happy day everyone!
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us - Franz Kafka (Indigo Tree Publishing - looking for the another book like The Trial)
Officially Dine with College
Just riding around scaring people with extremely loud music.
That awkward moment when a Mike Tyson looking dude stops and asks you for some money and you have no change.
Warren: Who should you be having lunch with? Collaborate with other orgs.
You are so correct, With God all thing are possible. With God for you who coud stand against you?
RT : So stoked for the NFL Draft
ok good. Yeah we got back a little bit ago....
I really do. You guys did a great job on the book. When I finish I write a glowing review.
Putting my two weeks in at moochie today, I'm so excited to work less this summer and just enjoy it!
My new favorite song! It lives in my head now. And it's not even a full song! Garrrrr!
i would go but im going home at 6am so i dont wanna go there tn lol
Check out the CohesiveSelf iOS app by , a #swroc participant. is another #roc innovation.
I just unintentionally said give me your hand in spanish lol
Between , , and , every second of my free time has been claimed.
My dog walks around like it's shit don't stink. I got news for it!
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x"
#AAM2011 Online fever session: biggest challenge for GWU students is adjusting to online ed tools (mid-career ppl).
I'd be wary. They tried to evict me and my friends because our lease was expiring a month later than they wanted. Not cool.
Good thing this game means nothing
why is it tht at the hgh schl level, the morning announcements are 90% sports related and no academic success stories? Culture?
Kailyn needs to not date an spend time with herself I know its hard to get over ur ex I'm a divorced single mom trust me I know
Lol a Wessex water van just drove past using one of those microphone things to say the water supply is going off for 1 hour
Peer-review in the Digital Humanities is necessarily not a post-mortem
While I was driving my sister said "I'm gonna choke you when you stop the car." #SayWhat!
#10factsaboutme 3.I'm gay but so is 50 percent of football players, they just dont come out
On My Way To Finish The Last Scene Of This Video Me N My Boy's workin On...."You Aint Sayin Nothin"
I hope the sixers get blown tf out since they put the bulls out
{Be very happy for your neighbors/friends/competitors who are doing good. That makes your accomplishments even more valuable!)
If you think you are too small to make an impact, try sleeping in a room with a few mosquitoes. ~ West African proverb
yeah, cheap and unnecessary
I haven't tweeted much with you both, but you are really good follows.
send me those pics you took on your phone of us
good luck 2 everyone takin finals
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? #danshiko Boyfriend is PERFECT
He probably doesn't even NOTICE me *cough cough*
I'm sleepy ! So imma come back to y'all in thee morninng !
Youth hockey league games this Saturday.
that is my FAVORITE animal!
I have you living life like you should, you never had it
Kohl's Black Friday sneak peek now on store website - 4 am to 1 pm for early bird specials including 50% off entire stock of toys.
Wrong on both accounts. RT Dr. Pepper? RT Hall & Oates provided some damn good pop.
when are you touring near boston again I miss your faces.
No matter what your political affiliation, if you're not tired of the GOP yet, please don't vote this November. Or just vote Dem.
#INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES: communications and related backgrounds- contact us
Watching the hills have eyes at 9am isn't exactly a normal way to start my day
Thx - I've been crazy busy but really missing twitter connections and conversations
As in all grad courses, professionalization is one of the goals. Today was a great example of new forms of teaching & learning.
I think babe is texting me, but my phone is in the corner charging xD
is a classy grom... There is no denying it. 👌
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
Solid prediction. Keep up the good work.
well my birthday is coming up and follow and a dm saying happy birthday would be AMAZING!!! Plz :)
Tonight on I REMEMBER, the author of "Bay View" joins Jim Peck to talk about its history and strong sense of community. At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
with good bourbon...maybe.lol
c'mon twittersphere tell me something good.
what up mate.... We have a new project called and wanted to let you know. Tell your peeps to follow us if ya can!
ridin bike downtown #denver today ...do we have the best bike path system or what?
I love when defeated dictators don't get they are down 11-0 with 2 out in the 9th with Mariano Rivera on the mound.
Happy Mother's Day ! ♥
At the ice skating rink <3 with <3
we want greek frozen yogurt. Saw you in Foggy Bottom, but you just kept driving.
Thanks for the kind words. Feedback always appreciated.
Congrats you two. I love you both.
Flight attendant literally just said, "the flight time will be FOREVER, 2 hrs & 50 min."
You are missed at the Ocho...KGW.
Never mind- found out elsewhere.
HAHA! isn't Travis in that one?
I need Kaila here so I can take a nap! :)))
bored at work.
hi cami! thank you sa pagfollow. God bless you. :)
New Wireless threats to small and middle maket businesses: Evil Twin Promiscuous Client Bluesnarfing & Bluejacking They are on their way!
If off to Angels and Demons. Will it be heaven or hell? Sure loved the book!
you r so pretty....
I had a few drinks at brunch today. Was wonderful!
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child. Hope it's not appendicitis. Wishing you all the best.
Listened to the Sisters podcast and they mentioned working with my special education teacher, Janet... Can't wait to see the video!
Intermission at THE NEWS. I am really impressed with what JacobTV is doing. I think I have discovered a kindred spirit.
Don't see how this solo is related to the blues head he just played (briefly)
Need to get Tegan & Sara's new live album soon...
Prediction: People freak when forced to new #Facebook Timeline profile. Data will show time spent on each profile/page increases 10%.
good mid morning
Reworking a few keyword groups today. Splitting things out to get a more detailed analysis. Fun stuff!
"It's 10pm, do you know where your children are?" In my testicles with the rest of my sperm. Too much?
“: says "Fish do church in water."”
If Favre signs with the the Vikings as expected he needs to make a public apology to Packers fans when he wants back into the fold. Disgrace
my homie always holding me down Watsgood so u got dat hot verse huh
I would love to be at that breakfast.
RT - For those keeping track, former Nats Manager Manny Acta has his Cleveland Indians in first place....
WOW! What a difference a week makes!!!
We are close in launching our new recruiting division focusing in the #MSP #VMS space. We will focus on direct hires nation wide
OH MY GOD MADISON<3 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Just came from workin out at the gym
so do I. I don't let it get to me though, I'm fine the way I am and you should think the same! You taught me that Devan
=( Im sorry luv.... think healthy thoughts... best we can do! xoxo!
Photoshoot went well but miss LA and Tuesdays at Kibitz with Jodes and Lisa. Today..phone calls and catching up on other stuff...
no only me hey can we talk tomorrow I need to go to bed if not I won't wake up 4 school
Super 8 was great
like if you have facebook LOL
My avi is now my eye, lol.
Who's going to #GKTour ? I'm hoping to be at the Philly show and really stoked about it
Is Palin becoming a caricature of her own self? RT: Palin told reporters George Washington was her favorite founding father--
soups today are chicken tortilla and vegetable minestrone! $2.75 Marbles to warm up your soul
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
Is there any such thing as a cheap vacation that does NOT involve camping?
Getting ready for Cross Church "Moving Forward Conference" day sessions here in Bakersfield, Cali.
I guess we now know who won the mix battle!!
How in the fuck is my debit card mia????
TONIGHT Landrun Records Event.feat. Kylie Morgan, Lower 40 & nicnos - they'll be on stage all night, and don't forget;there's NEVER a cover!
; i'm not known to be a bubble buster.. but those aren't ducks. those are commonly called geese. #lmfao :o
May the Fourth be with you.
Oh good grief.
Come have a drink with us! 3:30PM Cocktail Hour at AnaJet booth #1345 at SGIA New Orleans!
Man what i do too :( RT : #WhatIMissTheMost Dallas, Texas
is basically begging you to use the C word
"The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life." - Manly P Hall
The Budweiser Clydesdale Horses are so upset about St Louis goalie Brian Elliot's performance they have gone on a hunger strike
Love that pic! Thanks for joining us on this beautiful Mother's Day!
TY for your support & shout-out!
I need the lakers to lose
“: “the net in left is up cause a T Chef” -- that sounds kinda dirty...
Thanks. Definitely wanted that one in my schedule.
I saw where they said there's this company about to come out with a gay version of the bible..that's some straight bullshit
#LAKERSNATION we got this... time to steal a game!!!
Haven't been online in forever.
I agree with you 100%. Every day waiting hurts someone. And I firmly believe that Axelrod is an ass on so many levels.
That was supposed to be, "So glad you liked us!"
I swear I always feel better after I go for my jogs
Oh fuck NO. I got sent to the office? !
I dislike hearing "everyone has gone through exactly the same thing that everyone else has" that is dismissive and pretty false.
James how you feeling?!?!
RT : Come visit , , & others at #NRAShow in the FCSI Ask the Design Experts booth #6000 FCSI = free...
that dream will soon be a reality
HAHA!! Well you know what they say.... Practice makes perfect!!
its gonna be interesting how the series go with Melo at 4 do the heat do the same?
stay strong
Struck by Hawthorne describing Wakefield as the "hero" of his tale.
My deaf cat, who's been missing for 6 days, found in a tree ~45 ft up, animal rescue says it's too high for them, what should I do?
what things
Getting smacked for saying "okay" in a what my mom thinks is a "bad tone". <
As someone who was born in 1960, I remember well what kind of food we had in the 1970's
chillin with the cestie derek :PP ---> mY pAnDa wont B backk for a WhilE she caTcHing thoSe Z's so hmu if U wana speak to Her ;-D
Would you give me up?
Early and frequent comm keeps community invested in your project and success. No comm = no buy-in and tough roll-out.
Craving Fast Food? Try these easy and healthy homeade chicken nuggets at home! Serve with oven baked fries for the full effect:)...
about to delete my twitter!
where the wolfies at :D
Little anita's! M
lol yeah and the whole resurrection bit was also complicated
I'll put the order in! :-) Keep an eye on the severe weather though.
I think #mla and #aha should have joint custody of you. Equitable custody, that is. Every 5th yr you go to
*sings along* ^-^ rt : how many times can my hands hit the ground? “: How many times will the clock go around?”
Well that would've been nice to know an hour ago.
awesome defense, as usual!
To inspire a community that will build your business, brands need to integrate contribution into the business
THAT SOUNDS LIKE THE BEST IDEA I EVER DID SEE!! We can go to ur shabeen on the vern afterwards to celebrate and get all hipster.
Aw I'm so nervous about it! Hahah.
I could see the Galleria requiring one.. it's the GALLERIA. But Northpark? The upper-echelon version of Towneast? Smh. Smh.
Monsters of the Midway are back. 2 TAINTs on Stafford, vicious hits, great day to be a #Bears fan.
Hahaha if I apologize will you accept ??
Hope your week is going well!
#GirlsDeserve the world ...#however if you're a bitch and a slut
Was going to ask if you were still working on this.... always interested. Question is time available...
Won a huge pot when guy got it in vs me on flop for like 15k a piece, my pair + overs + nfd and backdoors greater than his 2nfd and overpair
my favorite RHCP song is Hard To Concentrate, I just love it
I am @ Tacoma General Dying an these idiots want billing and insurance info!!!!! WTF!!!
. we miss Chris too, but Andy does mix up a pretty mean cocktail in his place
watcha wanna do!?
Not merely piping Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity over loudspeakers?
Thanks Wayne, I hope all is well with you
"When I was younger and they asked me to pick a number between one and ten I couldn't even get that right."
CNBC finally switched to hockey (PDX). What happened for the first hour? But no sound yet.
#Eye technician pay rates... You must have internal salary ranges for all of your technician positions or you are going to over or under pay
When I'm low he take me high
looks right to me, Gary! :)
These must be ACC refs
Best Easter dinner ever... #mole #ceviche #oaxacanchocolatecake ridic enjoyable!
Headed to Tokyo to hit at the Cotton Club 2morrow w/ & Looking forward 2 it
“ the thing about Wednesdays (& about God) I can never set my expectations too high :) they are always surpassed ”
Soul Searching returns on Thursday Feb. 16th at Berry Park with Guest DJ Monk-One. 8pm-2am No Cover. Soulful goodies all night.
American eagle?
OH. i heard Robert is gonna be on Austin's Ustream. :D
Thanks for the #FF!
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.— Bud Wilkinson
don't tweet at me while you're boning dude! It's gross!
Ok *grins* oh nothing much just single and looking and yeah i am fine just bored you
I'm sure twitter is the last thing on your mind right now. But when you can, let tw know. Bet a lot of people are waiting on that
:( I hope everything is okay/ gets better!
just to let you know, you killed it last night, Awesome!!!
How about the guy who, when he gets to a green light, he starts slowing down . . . just in case. True story.
Here's to us!
Wishing I could find a nice man who loves going on cruises....:-)
This rooster alarm on my phone must go! Scared the ish outta me!
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to "clear and convincing evidence" today.
Think I'ma Take All My Friends Out Somewhere .
is the smartest person ever! :b
Can we make groping cool again, America?
It's up for another week. Worth seeing. It's not deep, great art. But it's visually stunning, generally awesome.
Bo-Peeps Strippers
I'm developing a higher consciousness. What do u do? Geez
The Cards have to play with some heart if they want to win today. There is always some luck too
Important meeting today! Hoping, praying, but keeping in perspective :) Blessings tweeters...
Going home and going to bed!
:) RT of course! ("The Artist" deserved the best picture Academy Award.)
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful and kind mothers of the world :) Even sometimes we don't tell you that, WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH. x
She Better Not Tlkk To ME Again
Should be more, but not by much.
what do u mean?
Bolton missed a great op there!
care they the vocational stds?
I have to come up with a mythical creature for school that represents my life. Any ideas?
Only 12 more days in this hellhole.
Thks 4 question No harder then any other prop. Good - inc- fico-ratios-loan officer. Over all REO properties have deals.
Most people in the United States get convicted RIGHT OUT OF THEIR OWN MOUTH. USE your right to remain silent. Keep your mouth shut!
Yo. Where did you say you're living next year?
and a few more
#ThingsAboutMe I defend both of my nationalities
#Israel Yesterday Israel Today Israel Tomorrow IsraelFOREVER Join Us!!!
Copy/pasted from a text. I'll let her know you don't like her spelling.
hilarious!!!! What is this from?! Love :)
I'm not bragging on my PWs enough. They continue to own their league. Even in a lackluster effort, still came away with a 4-2 W.
I'm in... Let's kill this bitch!
: "You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself." -- Ethel Barrymore (1879-1959), Academy Award Winning Actress
It literally took us all day to make this cake.
lol i was kinda serious.!!!
Ahha, I just got this lol, but whenever you want too :p
We miss U2
Hahaha love this
Yes mom. I know everything is my fault. Sure blame your problems on me.
Have the Annapolis police been notified that you are entering their jurisdiction?
Just finished the last episode of party down... That's sad
Gone with the Windfall
Thanks to you, we are. Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
Really? Really? Yes, really!
followed babe :)
Music & food
love it!
RT : if there is anything we learned from #911 and #Tiger Woods its how to fuck someone up using their own shit.
This weekend is gonna be a bust.
you still haven't sent those fundraiser papers ........you're fired!!!!
would've been better if by the summer tho
Always remember, no matter how many problems you may have. There is always someone who has more.
This year's Exceptional Woman in Publishing Award goes to founder of # WLC2011
I need to play a show again.
so ya'll should take a inspiring actor under your wing and help someone out..like this guy
straight up!
it is what is is baby tweepers read the truth and weep or you can laugh about it
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender. Will cut down on turnovers.
Woke up, Got dressed, opened the front door stepped outside n realized, no coffee in hand yikkes ran back and got my fix ..COFFEE
just fuckin wit you, its Kool, eventually youll see it.?
thanks! Looking forward to seeing your maps from #techcamp Ramallah
ya this sucks, everyone is trying to find people to take over their leases =/
Mine too ;) well, sort of, I like to play too!
You're very welcome!
I know we both love an infographic!
I think just loaded the bases just to show he can get out of it anyway
Omaaaaaarrrr - nice work! rt : So I did my good deed for the day and turned the homie onto
Listening to and are #thingsbetterthanSOPA i love these boys so F*** sopa and ur censorship
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!! HEAVY RAIN again
Hello to my our new followers!
I thought it was 7:00........MEEHHHHH I'M TO FUCKING EXCITED :((((
To all my new followers, thanks! Look forward to continuing #aam2011 conversations with you.
tell me about it
Totally been off my game with the weight loss the last month or so! Frustrating to say the least!!!😣
Passion breads success! Are you passionate about what you do?
Wat no. Bisexual is the term
and her dancing career. Linda's got Talent.
why should that even be a question? Hoe.
My dad is for real asking to be punched in the face tonight.
popcorn style /cc
the is not a good influence to you. She is fake. Unfollow her now.
I hate listen to women's stories, it makes my balls itch
Forget my name, you know you wish you could.
Walkin into this studio session with El Tumi. Gotta lotta stuff on my mind. I speak you listen.
how's the crowd? #L1C4? Come on
New Orleans this one is for you H-Town stand up
The christmas music has begun!!
You did? I really hope he was able to put a smile on your face:)
Balloon Boy can suck helium
Put some change on ya head I mean some cheese on ya nacho
Life has been too good to me these past few days.
Rajon Rondo waited outside the bus after Game 2, shook every teammate's hand and said, "Thank you," according to Doc Rivers on
Thank you all for the #FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
Currently working with on the redesign of theory.com (on Demandware) while building a new biz.
Peter's concern as if there was something else wrong. Love my Polivia.
well, I'm sure they have your size:)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZING GUY EVER... <3 love you loser :)
We all have the key to happiness, its all up to us to open the door or close it. The choice is in out hands.
Did you know that Jamaica has the most churches per square mile of any other country in the world?
Fresh strawberry shakes are awesome!
Are your kids "bored" again today? Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior - Santa is coming soon!...
My lonely ass
Going to bed night night
oh, they will alex ;) #neversaynever <3
Will do. Always enjoy connecting on the human side!
your pic is hot!!!
Forgetting to put honey in your tea in the morning before school is just awful
GOOD MORNING MY TWEETY PIES MWAH!!!
Not with a joystick... the real deal.
Build the dream and don't stop building.
Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself. ~Robert Ingersoll
you know what, you totally got me on that one :)
You don't have to worry about me sexing your daughter! Um rude ppl.
all of it may be possible when you don't give up ♥
Waxman tells me on Plan-B: "FDA is a science-based organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science" (1/2)
Seriously?! Snowing again in Denver. Enuf already, God.
:RT: Chunk... I want this dog... please!! What about Ralph?!
Totally against inside smoking. I don't smoke those things and I definitely dont wanna smell like that nastiness. Tank u
~ I wanna go outside & play in the rain<3
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central. They cleaned up my watch & replaced the battery for free. :)
3rd because he kept the puck on his stick a lot and got a lot of passes. Missing him depends on where his cap Space is used
Thanks Tom. Doing my best - wiped out from a busy week between my day job and side gigs I picked up. The gigs are picking up...
So going to see titanic 3d with Friday
LISTING TO FRIDAY BY BOB DYLAN
If You REALLY Desire A Real Relationship & Don't Have One, It Could Be That: "You've Placed 'Relationships' Too Low On Your Priority List"
Oh you received a +K in marketing on Klout? ACTIVATE SUPER-UNFOLLOW.
Coders gonna code. Why not invent a new language? It doesn't have to work. It just needs to prove a point.
Closer for the Mets reminds me of Ruben Quevedo's bum ass...
I think intuitive eating is great! It's obviously not perfect, but it gets away from the binge/denial/guilt diet dynamics.
Hey, stop being modest. They great! :)
Waiting on time
tweet the link so that we can add to the twitter feed?
Today is the National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy - Don't be a Statistic!
haha(: I have more followers than you :P #Winning.!
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. - Michelangelo "
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
That awkward moment when u go to wall mart looking like crap nd u see someone u know nd Ur like uh I dnt know you
Extra innings!!
“: you 2 can both sport sole control shirts and try n catch eye.” just a lil Advertising 😜
25 followers by tomorrow
on avail for #comcast #commercial!!! fingers crossed x)
Follow me? Please :)
thanku too x
I am playing my Warwick Corvette/5 and its "tone" is SUPER!..strung with Dean Markley/Randy Jackson "Alchemy" gold strings..sweet!..BIG tone
i hear you got to work with my friend Sabrina on that luggage show :)
Lots of little birdies walking around on my back porch. Without a doubt, spring is here.
2 Be loved by a Real Man is
I wonder if I could get lucky enough for to wish me a happy birthday today.. <3
my reaction?? ;D
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
yes dad, im still listening to christmas music in may. why? just ask justin bieber.
I wish all a happy and safe 4th of July. Let's remember why we celebrate and what made this country great. Make it great again!
that was last night you loser
#RandomThought...women that fall off and let themselves go..then make excuses and not try to get back right..#FAIL #DoBetter 👎
Doing the same rethinking. Wonder how long til wunder comes online?
Think globally, act locally... that's why we follow and want to connect w people of
We should should jam soon.
follow me to get in on some great photography session specials
Men should not be able to vote on abortion.
MT EVERYONE can do SOMETHING! Donate $5, write letter to ed, knock on doors, display yard sign...
Memphis is looking good right now.
I miss those old days when you could just walk up to someone and be like wanna be best friends? And they would say yes. No one is real now .
Google will still work BUT the logo is blacked out
Coming August 2010!
Pimping isnt easy but doing drugs, dressing poorly and slapping women around isn't that hard at all. Its the only thing on my dad's resume
are you going to the game tomorrow?
Oh yeah, it's garage drinking season again
You know when your expecting something to pass by so fast, it actually goes by so slow.. /:
welcome! Lets tear it up.
It's whatever..
ONE-LINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Did you get your voice back? Are you in a play? You mentioned you gad to perform the other day?
Tori-ah rape rape! Prince-shh Tori-rape! Prince-its not rape if you scream yes and i guarentee you i can make you scream ;)
Mt Hood Meadows says: Wow. 23" in the last 24 hours. It looks awesome up here, and it's still snowing.
whoa;;kool-aid hit the spot!
Keep it up tony great racing so far
Used 2010 Volkswagen Jetta Bartlett IL - YouTube | Bookmark The ...
73 degrees in south carolina <3
Very well said. Had to retweet that one!
“: I love !” Yeah everyone is so motivating, inspiring, fun-love it :).
Don't worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward. -Laura Schlessinger
Thanks for comin out!
you're so welcome
Do you ever have a kid come in your library?
I feel your pain ;-)
Rain + sleep= the best
Prepping for total immersion in the world of info pros at #sla2009. Stop by AIIP Booth #1547 Sunday between 12:30 and 2:45 and say hi.
you guys killed it,it was AMAZING<3
You have my word.
We underserve diff types of information by calling it all content... RT
Just getting back from Germany. I had such a great time there. Met so many amazing peoples. <3
I only got to 15K words on my #nanowrimo. I just re-read what I'd written and...the IDEA is still cool, but about 14,500 words suck.
Realizing your best friend and you drank for 12 hours straight..... And survived.
Hey Annie i love your perspective pieces and column your welcome, your a great and very talented writer.
Sometimes it's easier to just let go and move on.
Haha, I'm just giving you schidt
People should have to have to take test and have a license to have kids. Like drivers ed so all the morons stop breeding.
Would like to thank Sezonmon Alosse for helping keep me aloft this sleepy, sleepy morning.
follow for follow? ♥
You have all been posting examples of Israelis protesting in support of Palestinians. We always look inside and question ourselves
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
Hansberry's voice. Check out last paragraph of this blog review of a performance of Robert Moses’ Kin, a dance company!...
miss ya.
I dont wanna go to school T_T
So kimchi made with that pepper paste is my most delicious batch to date. So good!
let me see what I can do
Heck yeah, I love that tune. Props to Pandora!
#Wisconsin: making national news, but only about the embarrassing stuff we wish wouldn't get out.
Great ass weekend so far
Happy Easter! :)
do they say the name a lot? Soooooomoooo. I'm digging it.
Happy Memorial Day bro! Always Ready to Work!
Eating an entire box of flax seed crackers is not a consequence-free situation.
Just crushed the gym after a 3 week hiatus
yeah, well my room actually. You can't see this from any of the other rooms
I lose followers daily..
Save your money and hop on a freight train:-) .
praying 4 your grandparents sending all my love
Hate when I feel something is not right but I keep on doing it and at the end I tell myself I knew it wasn't right
Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. "Blood alone moves the hands of time."
I'm at 78, so I'm falling a bit behind. I think next year I'm going to try for 365, though. It's tough to make time!
just found out we need to name one of our songs anyone got some good ideas for a song title ?
Please, #CBS cameraman don't put that fat guy with his mouth open on my tv again
Well I'm still gonna convince my mom, whether you want me to fucking go or not.
- Oh smdh . & Im Hipp . She Talk too much shit
Can't seem to find a supermarket on the cape- what gives?
#YouKnowWhat , You'll Thank Me Later
IM RANKED NUMBER ONE IN THE LOCAL CHARTS. Thank YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!
How's that SACK taste Eli?
Finally watching on Adore, adore, adore her.
Something real crazy is about to happen right now.
Happy freaking 18th Birthday Have a wonderful day! 
hey thx for the shout out!
Make the Commitment to Change and It will last a Life Time!
Haha love it "Locked & Liked" RT : already have that down , locked &"liked" haha
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
what system do you play it on?
He's cute, he's got an amazing smile, he has a great personality. I didn't say his name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
Ridley was at Stratford HS as a freshmen. Ridley was not at Bush all years.
ha sorry I missed it with u guys. Already had plans that night. My bad
you are crazy. Seriously. Hahaha dom cant take it.
Waiting to have lunch with two applied anth rockstars.
#ff they seem untroubled by the autograph seekers in the background :)
RT : Settling for less than we deserve is so 2010
Nice freaking job tonight!
'Andy Murray confident about another disappointing failure' Sport just in
so the pound sign is to start a trend?
The acting from William Hurt and Glenn Close on season 2 of Damages is brilliant
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
is khiems a restaurant here in Cleveland? I'm not aware of any Vietnamese restaurant besides superior pho
I'll figure it out sometime but fuck it
Tough luck, bud. Come back to use stronger. Wishing you luck and a speedy recovery.
doing the same right now
PEOPLE FOLLOW !!! his other pagee was hacked so FOLLOW THIS ONE!! RT and Give shoutouts!!!
I get home from practice and just sit in my car because I'm too tired to get out
“You`re not the one I wanna die for , you`re the one I wanna live with.”
Do you like going to the movies? (: i do.
what's up
Yoga pants #because I'm too lazy for real pants.
LSN NEWS/ RICK SANTORUM Presidential candidate Staff Push Back Media Including C-SPAN In DC
I secretly wish my high school would break out in song like the East High Wildcats
My sister and think i was a hooker in my part life
No, I don't think he will win another
boo.....lol lets see if you remember me -.-
PIZZASUB is finally here! No longer must I make the agonizing decision between Pizza and Sub,
Listening to #cruise ten times in a row ...I don't think this song gets old
Not even an hour into our trip to Rochester and I'm already dreaming of
I'm laughing and is very mad at you...
cant wait to push u tomorrow
Yeah, I was 15 minutes late to my cousin's wedding once and just about missed the whole thing.
it was hard but i got over him we dont talk much anymore idk y we both dont put in the effort
Woot! Go Mariners! Victory to start off the season 3-1 over Oakland
awesome! Eventually might want a tank, but for now we needed a centerpiece for the kitchen table & thought this would be cool.
Odd that I'm willing to accept other people's faults, but not my own.
Can't wait for October 4th!!! Thank you for stopping by last night! Great times!
Thanks for the RT :)
i'm honored i could be here for you! :)
my teacher made me sit in the corner for the entire period because i was sick. WHAT A SICK BITCH RIGHT? lol.
Flat tire on Friday, broken cassette today. Training wasn't this complicated before.
Going to radio station to start learning the ropes. I'm going to start volunteering for them!
oh yea.
thank you! Great company!
Fam, "Came From The Bottom" track is hot! You have to let your boy come to studio with you one day and let me see how u get down!
Just applied to graduate school. *BLINK BLINK*
this is getting ridiculous. Im gonna win
Did you know Apple sold more iPhones in the quarter that ended in December than there were babies being born around the world?
haha boy do i wish!!!! Is that ur occupation
“ Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. ~ Vince Lombardi”
Time wins Magazine of the Year
if i say i love you i mean my words you should stop playing with my heart and say it when u mean it
No run guys an scott kick that alphas butt ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
You mean it's not already a law to report the disappearance or death of your own child? Yet they give $500 tix for not buckling up. Yeesh.
I lov e. How people live when the song starts
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut (who knew, right?)
ur a boy in disguise I'm sorry
We got a raw ass cipher going at the frog we haven't even started the open mic yet get here now
The negative will return the weight to its starting position
can you handle the raider rash? OU couldn't?
omg i fofgot to mention ur name in my bls!!! O_O i will in the 2nd chapter i sowee
Remembering the true reason behind this.
The smoked salt and stout one is good too. A little bit goes a long way but so yummy.
I see no flaw.
Should've went to that party.
Manning should have retired gracefully, given his physical issues. Not like Joe Montana or Bret Favre, please! Excitement ahead?
LMAO..well if you say so. {wiggles brows}
TSOI-NY is about to see SCRATCHACID at Webster Hall 2nite. About to see what this Yow character is all about.
no problem. gotta support local beer!
Love the unstructured cap. MLB and New Era would never let that happen again.
You can cry tears of happiness, but not laugh in the face of sadness.
The calls are starting...
just mentioned 4-20 on and looked lost. Great start to my morning.
Yesterday, I fooled my dad with a fake bruise on my leg. Today, I actually may have a broken toe and he thinks it's makeup again.
“: Judge me as you please, but i don't give a damn.”
that was obviously my house, because I have a picture of Louis and Angelica in my home.
Oh please.
Dad: Angie if you ever put me in a nursing home, I will come back after I die, hunt you down and piss all over your rug.
17 students, including four football players we arrested in a drug bust at Texas Christian University this morning.
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. ~ William A. Ward
. 1045 days to be precise. It's possible you missed something, can't remember though.
What do you use Twitter for? Have you managed to achieve your goals?
Acme Hotdogs has spectacular Butter Sugar Cookies made by Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., north of Morse
#lmn!! It's been too long
trying to solve a mystery - did you go to Wheaton North or Wheaton Warrenville South?
Emilio Estevez got a chance to be 'Billy the Kid'...there is still hope for us all
Having dinner Yummers! Get the green chiles tacos!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way
Lol. You sure know how to make an old girl feel good. Bless you.
Is anyone else's iPad app not marking messages read after reopening? WTH
How'd your Indy race go?
Chillin to can I get in the shower with you?? ;)
I love this! I'm definitely taking the plunge (post-move!) Thanks for sending my way :)
yes I. Have two copies of that album would you like one!
at work now. gotta finish packing. gotta flight to houston,tx. tmrw
There's at least four cars of people talking to two squad cars.
thanks for the follow :) i'm excited to learn from #smss12, too!
West to Caleb: Yes, we're going to looking at that. We're going to do something about it. Backed up by Commissioner Scott.
Happy Birthday to !
Tito Carrillo quintet record release at the Green Mill!
I beleive in you austin with all my heart keep doin what your doing never give im a mahomie for life your number one fan:)))
Never Forget, Pray, Remember 11 million killed in the Holocaust & the millions killed in WWII. #Yom HaShoah #Holocaust Remembrance Day
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Monday friends- anything exciting on the books this week? We'll notify our accepted vendors this week. Can't wait!
I hate school.
I don't care what any of you say, I still love my reds. And zack cozart, is a beautiful man.
i don't have a problem with tebow, especially in Jacksonville. He has to have a chance to start, or backup a true starter
RT : Former Michigan target. RT : Next year I will play at Ohio State !!
When you miss your opportunity <<
Well this gets you to 13 miles in 12 weeks and I am usually ok running 3 miles so yeah..race in October
free food couldn't have come at a better time
AJ Burnett???? Really 10Ks??? Where the hell was that when you pitched for the Yankees???
I'll be one of the artists presenting Hispanic Earth Day tonight at PAX-Brickell. Come support Mother Earth! We hope to see you tonite $15
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.-Dalai Lama
I'm sure you'll get through it and I'm sure things will get better for you
No its Hill Valley although I cant imagine hell being much worse! MT : It's like we're in Hell or something.
Today Was Really Fun Thoo ! (:
Are you guys ready for our new tracks?
Thank you for the follow? May we send you a free bookmark to help with spiritual reading?
THEY ALWAYS SEEM TO NOTICE!
yep, the databases I can access are very limited
can't wait man!
#Sanonofre update on the tube wear with #NCTimes Paul Sisson and activist #ACEHoffman now
Why is so hot
it's probably because he doesn't like to tell people straight that he likes them idk why though
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Hi!! Hooray for the Tweetings! (And for Downton...)
Walking home in the rain right now.
Haven't heard anything. Was thinking earlier whether #jj11 or #joyce2011 is better. Thoughts?
that is some #chingadera! Sorry!
RT Thanks to and for all their help in making last nights YDs event such a huge success!
hell yeah tj!
79 days to that means another longer run tomorrow and a 10 miler on saturday! Veggie homemade pizza is
Our ears were burning. Thanks for the compliment! // RT : Eating at our favorite place back yard burgers
Citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy.
We are back from maintenance!
CN_Cottonwood thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How to Use a Business Blog For Informational Marketing: Many business owners have heard that a business blog is an
Kevin McCallister is constantly talking to himself, kinda strange
Waiting for this pizza!
Y'all are beautiful.
America gut check: We're going to h**l in a
omfg i just looked stupid in front of my class because i was smiling so big omg:')
I beez in her cat !!!
A Priori => Reasoning from causes to effects
can't wait for #eecms v3 - excited just off of the shots from
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
One of the cool things about study abroad is you can take courses at some pretty awesome universities and colleges abroad!
Closing plenary at #mcn2011: The Great Debate. debate, "There are too many museums." 4:00 Int'l Room
what's up??
I guess it's better than burning a bench player just to bunt. And hey, it's the Pirates
I VOTE YES TO ONE UNION!!
the pregnancy drama on the yacht was a bit absurd. It was LuAnn's night. Not Ramona's !
get at me bruh I'm producing heavy material my dude all day
Thinking of going to the junkyard tonight.
It's a Periphery kinda night. Listening to the album right through.
I couldn't agree more as my wife and I are finding out with our six week old! Three hours of uninterrupted sleep is good
I feel like a reference librarian today, first time in a long time. Many faculty and student questions about publishing and copyright. COOL.
With the things going on in the world does the idea of making your own electricity seem like an investment requiring your attention?
Even though you say you are ugly and crap you still post millions of pictures of yourself hoping to get nice comments.....you're real cool.
you're welcome!
labor of love indeed!
Quote of the day: "Your day may have gone good, but it could always end bad."
They are amazing men. Their stories and words are epic. This is shaping up to be bigger than anything I've ever been a part of.
I wonder if you're stalking me. You know who u are.. Angie!
Bummer!! I'll keep you updated fo sho. Congrats on both of yours getting in!
Last night, the horses escaped into my "jungle". I want to browse with them.
you Go To Sleep Tahhahahha
#NW "Dave Chappelle's Block Party. Staring Dave Chappelle, #CentralStateUniversity, #IMM, BEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE!!!
We are not meaningless.
I haven't had any drama in my life since I cut you out of it
RT : Come out For Adlers Fish Fry...the best! come early enough to enjoy Happy Hour from 3pm to 5 pm and get great drink specials!
thanks for the tip! Hadn't yet chosen a 4pm session. Parrington/Kelly on Automated Consent in S63: I'll B there.
wishing would come to Roanoke, VA.
pull ur battery it'll fix it
RT : #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they can only be around for a short period of time
I need cable lol
Yes I love working. Ugh
yes RT : RT : Ed Reed said he considered retirement for 3 years straight.
Having a ceiling that leaks is no fun.
AUCI - Good time to bid sit in the mid .002's..
#Dadism You've got more *insert anything* than Carter's got pills. We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem. God bless him
If we give a little love, maybe we can change the world <3
what do you think about wearing non-prescription eyeglasses as an accessory after having LASIK?
show no mercy to Gov'ner Prick Perry
Ready for Harold Henderson's "What to do When Perry Mason isn't on your side" supporting #ProGen at
Brackets complete and turned in? Check! May MARCH MADNESS begin!
I'm not up there. How do I fix that? Oh and I'm emailing you tomorrow...I have an NYC update! :)
Mac mini hooked up to the stereo at home. Cats are a bit freaked out from all the newfound bass.
We're just about to get started, will try to tweet some treats, apparently there'll be discussions of custard!
I love this. I love anything from the sports world
Wonder what's more expensive. A 30 sec #WorldSeries commercial or a 30 sec #Superbowl commercial
I'm sorry you're disappointed, but we cannot afford to stay open on such a slow night. Besides, I need a night off, too.
final two cap samples on display. yay or nay?
I hate Creighton.
I Love My Son nd My Bestfriend
RT : Great "you know you're a figure competitor when" post by - made me smile. ;)
We need another goal I'm getting nervous.
Sorry to hear. Hope O's ok, GS.
I got u
In 1961, actor Gary Cooper died in Los Angeles six days after turning 60.
When my phone vibrates and its you : )
“: Everybody has that one friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke.”
Just found a document describing the 's 2005 technology project ArtXplore. Wow! We've certainly come a long way.
yes please
Wow, only 3 other people here who consider themselves "bloggers or tweeters" - and 1 doesn't even have a computer. He plans to blog later?
thank you! I was sick of being sick! LOL!
I hate when that happens.
my future wife :)
hey. I'm from NYC. where are you from?
I am war with
healthy sorry dont know what happened there x I had 3crisps,curry and chips, and 4mini rolls today sod healthy x
Score polk county 3 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
If my friends can easily do without me when I'm bad, I can easily do without them when I feel good.
Haha. Pretty rad down here. Show's pretty much over, about to sneak up to Moe Bar for a drink.
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the Utilities category on the US iTunes App Store!
Wow, all defense for the #Patriots with their first 4 picks.
I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me
u make vids
The good news for today is that Mario Williams is visiting buffalo and I got 2.5 million in temple run.
Love when you waited for so long, and you were there for them through everything, they leave... cool
THIS WEEK WE ARE CELEBRATING ROB FROM BOBBYFRESH.COM BDAY & GIVING AWAY KID CUDI/ASHER ROTH TIX! + 50CENT DRINKS!
Your secret wish isn't so secret anymore.
RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.~ Buddha Truly right! Let's think before we utter the words
Good question!
Morning everyone. Public Safety is at 10 a.m. A few pieces to go over and then Casino/DT safety discussion
Just realized the week is almost over already.... Crazy.
I haven't heard name in the same sentence with "defense" in my life! I still think he has him confused with Curt..
How are you celebrating #girlscouts100 today?
May I do my part in both areas.
Day off from work, up like I got something to do.
Just got back from Wisconsin ): Its so much better there then here
": Why do I feel so bloated today...." Last night's salad....
This "Task Lead" thing... Its kinda fun. Too bad its only for two weeks...
Just sampled a beer-battered banana from Puulleeeze tell me they're doing this again this week. Amazing eats.
#34 is a HOF in my book. Was very nice to me when I was little in Houston. Stand up guy who was good for the game.
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :) Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will. 1Thess 5:16
haha, that f*#ing movie Hamlet 2...stupid but funny but with the added bonus of having been shot in
Not surprised by this Parkview alumni...the kid is an idiot and couldn't even get through high school without transferring.
Thanks, David! I'll post some Niagra Falls pics next week. Those old signs were AWESOME. Very overcast sky though.
Very big things coming up in the bear future. A beatport remix release and a special collaboration :) who's ready?
When did it become neccessary that food be "poppable"?
I am getting much too good at changing clothes in my car.
Ima trying to get that cut
still waiting over here, Reggie "breakin" Wegs.
yep. Oh and a whole bunch of veggies.
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!! Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent? We are. :)
Afternoon workout at this great Brooklyn old school gym.
FUCK YOU for suspending workers for praying. I will never rent a car from you again. I promise.
Follow-spree :P
Lls RT ": Would you watch Real Housewives of DC?"
keep your head up man
I hope went to work today lol!!
Got my #Psych iPhone case in the mail today
thanks for the RT! :)
You can't win missing free throws. 12 down with under 6 to play and it looks like it's time turn off the lights.. #finalfour dance is over
That is quintessential Gingrich.
happy anniversary! Awesome!
Wish u were in Houston!
Good Morning Tweets ! What Do You Love About America ?
Manchester, Texas?
That two weeks going in tomorrow
short on hours this week but its completely cool with me. I need the time to myself
Genuses? Really? Brother Gavin, my 4th Year Latin teacher, just blew a gasket.
Happy I have exactly what I need to make it through this day!This Day is Covered!Tomorrow will be covered when it gets here,I'll enjoy today
appreciate the time tonight you killed it with the ball story
is the podcast going to be available on itunes?
Just tapped, Spire Dark & Dry Apple Cider (replaces Ace Berry Cider)
i miss my shawty tot.. i see the boys too much..lol
Will you guys be at the #ICSC convention in Vegas?
This weekend is gonna be so god(:
So jealous! I want some Dubya Burger!
thank you, yours was fantastic and professional and full of awesome.
i Need Bags Shit For The Tolit Mouth Bitchs
omg i follow you! ahaha
ACrowdfundingProject- this is super cool! Times: Times Sq. Ad for Greek Tourism, financed by a Crowd
Forrest Gump is on TBS. My Sunday is now ruined
Research has shown that music reduces anxiety and depression. Go play some music!
FUCK it....thats the way I feel
Guess OctoMom is cleaning up today
gonna listen to breathe carolina early in the morning xD
Michael Brodkorb not at press conference
aw </3 im so sorry :l
email with where to send it thanks
Hate when shit just get thrown in my face
There's only one Carlon Jeffery and that's the rapper and actor known as Cameron Parks on A.N.T. Farm
that was awesome lol.
If anyone wants to be in a video were making for cody, please follow and go to our favorites on that account.
Best friends means friends forever
Good morning
I hope the spoonbills have it better w/o Dr No
If today is Milwaukee day, then tomorrow is sort of San Francisco day 415. If that area code is still in use.
Thanks, man.,
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great weekend, Mark! :)
The desire to win is born in most of us. The will to win is a matter of training. The manner of winning is a matter of honour
Not a video I know of but I know there are a couple of podcasts on about
Be the best that you can be!
I dont click links of people with eggs for pictures..
be jealous
I saw that #YoungAdult room packed last night bro!! Good stuff!
Officially mothers day. better start getting those flowers in vases and thinking about what you're going to bring your mom for breakfast!
Rachel's Sweet Sixteen
you're welcome
good look.
please I want one from you it would be an honor
Listening to Andy Sheppard, Michel Benita, Sebastian SPACEWALK, PART 2 - sci fi new age jazz? IT ROCKS!
Email me for bookings at
Hope it's been a good day for you! Where did you end up golfing?
Good morning #ROC!
I did #followback #teamfollowback :) :) :) Talk soon!!
ron artest always wanna fight lol
Love all the support!! :) RT : you ladies are the
ads me to your thread with I'm mad
We are in fact looking for a few interns! Interested? Email us your CV:
Glad ur feeling better!!! TY!!! RT Back on after a few wks under weather. Looking forward to your launch & excited for you!!! : D
The Dead isn't really the most action driven movie, but it has some pretty sad points to it.
Seen on my TL, I checked out her page. 1st off girl bio is on point! 2nd I like her avatar pic! Lol haha Just Showin love! :)
You know me so well, inside out. Your deep acceptance of me is what I adore most about you.
thanks for the #Gatsby shout out!
IT'S TIME FOR THE FIRST ANNUAL COWTIPPERS DRAG STAMPEDE!! Fun starts at 1:30!
I should probably start a shitmymomtexts series. She's droppin gems on the reg. For instance, "What does C.R.E.A.M. mean? Is it a song?"
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
Working on a new feature for NewRockNews43. Check in this week for the first of many!!
Power outage 👍
This big girl & her weave >>>>>
You always get better promo once you pass away lol
Lets go! ": Let's make #iwant1Dtix a trend. "
Consulting 101 day two complete. Not bad at all! Time to hang out w/ my favorite toddler.
we are all the grateful for the music you make! I SMILE BECAUSE IM BLESSED TO BE LIVING IN THE SAME ERA AS KMK
RT - Cincinnati Reds v. cleveland indians. Let's do this.
lol I hope
Crazy busy week. Preparing grants is time consuming! Anyone have any tips?
now I don't think if gannondorf when I see your tweets
Thunder outside, lights out....
If I say thank you, its nice to say "you're welcome". . . Even if you're a teacher. -__-
got my lebrons best thing out of this day now need 2 make more money
My point is not to adopt new technology just because it's new. Look how it fits what you do and enhances it.
Join , & as CNN covers Whitney Houston's funeral live at 11amET Saturday.
Dallas bound
#iug2009 met a security guard this morning whose actual middle name was "danger"
Theater Review: x2018;Clybourne Park, x2019; by Bruce Norris, at Walter Kerr Theater Bruce Norris x2019;s x201C;Clybourne Park, x201D; a
Madison fire assisting Cottage Grove with a hydrochloric acid leak at Highway N & Commerce Park.
Also if you buy 'organic' in a grocery store it means little. Still subject to FDA regulations.
Suite Scarlett and Scarlett Fever by Maureen Johnson (2), and The Boyfriend List and its sequels by E. Lockhart (3).
Feeling lonely today
todd mentioned said cookware. Im jealous.
I can only be mad at myself.
Now THIS is beautiful weather!
Someone entertain me
Mark Titus book is really good.
Married life is good. No complaints.
lol that was cute
he was in a farm but still quite a sight
ariel iz going 2 text u i think....lol...wat u doing
the small people are relentless!
I'm home today & I'm lovin it. Bae's off as well, time to catch up on our shows & our baby making skills...lmao
it's 199... 200... 2012. Should be no problem.
Yeah, my understanding is OS developers (Apple, Microsoft) don't want the browser (i.e. web apps) to replace desktop software. $$$
I can't wait until and start scoring again!
I must admit, I haven't yet... But im super keen to get in a viewing this week sometime
#FF delicious American wines...from VA. Great story, great site, great juice!
I am going to kik. right now! (duh) :)
Just saw some jerks drag a trashcan and a bench into the street, and some nice folks cleaning up their mess
Website issues all day. TGIF !!
Who hasn't studied for any AP tests yet?... that would be me
Which DAW do you use? Or do you mean just for live performances?
lmfao Harry look so scared
MT “ MLS should differentiate from the standpoint they need to SUPPORT [video]. We have to go around them to make it work #revideo”
Where did you get yours? I like them to be cute and have enough space to write on each day. Any suggestions?
we want you to be in it!
Trying to figure out what I can and can't take on a plane is frustrating...
I think by laughing as hard as that, I shat in my pantz
i accidently ereased everything on my sim card :(
Just walked out of a movie halfway through don't think I've ever done that... Save yourself $7 and DON'T see The Sitter
I go. RETWEET if u go too.
i dnt think i can fall in love w. yu but i think i could fall madly in bed w. yu ;) .
It's nice to see you on Twitter, !
Racks on racks on top of stacks
Its 's birthday today!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) Happy Birthday, hope you have the best day ever!
I don't even know her twitter name lol text it to me
At my baby's house <3 ahh gunna cuddle and watch movies :)
miss u too :*
But Good Night AGAIN . :)
that's probally a good move
Back in the twitter game, what's everyone up to?
well at least I'm getting used to this on-and-off bullshit
Not anymore >:) ": 69 followers... I GOT THAT!"
I miss him ✈
I'll be there at ten. You should bring the Medifast staff out to watch me make cashiers feel uncomfortable.
can I get a follow or a retweet from the best team in baseball?
We love it!: happy to share a zipcode with these folks:
YIKES! RT : The Carl’s Jr. Dbl $6 Burger is nutritionally one of the worst fast food choices - over 1500 calories and 100 g of fat
“What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.” ~ Edgar Z. Friedenberg
Why am I the only person awake
I love the smell of freshly cut grass.
to be honest, a hell of a lot my man. But in a good way. #happytobeworkin #hustlin how bout you?
Do not let Trayvon Martin's death be in vain. Fight or march for justice.
Losing an hour isn't fun. What would you rather do with the time? If all in the US share 1 hour w/ friends or causes, it totals 35,000...
The more specific you are, the more general it'll be.
RT “Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s.” ― Stephen King, On Writing
What's everyone up to today?
But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am.
Dropout rates for Blacks and Latinos in the Boston area region three times as high as those for whites and Asians.
Time, unlike Money, once spent is gone forever, we cannot get more, and the amount we have is unknown. Value it above all else.... Lane
I look forward to following you too
Taking a lil break from the music! See y'all when I get back
ima buy it for me
word lemme know!
Playing hangman through texts > (: haha.
THATCamp- ten minute techniques just finished Google.docs
": See ya tonight ! #itsmybirthday!" Happy Birthday....great way to spend it!! ;)
2 finals down 1 more to go...I'm completely stressed out I'm too ready for summer
It's all done with computers.
i'm from Houston
on the #todayshow! love that it means #community is back!
Lets Go Pacers.
Is it just me or is this a universal artist problem? Are all artists procrastinators? I know I am and it's a habit I'm trying to get out of.
It was. hahaha
NO! Did he smile while he was doing it? Did you get a plate?!
Working with a PGA Tour Player and his caddie today. I love it when people realize golf is not an individual sport - takes a focused team.
Thank you! I'll let everyone know you like it. :)
It's so good! You need to try the "Best Drink Ever." Its my fav and it will def wake you up in the morning
Are you graduating this Saturday? If so, come by this week and mention this post and get 10% off your total purchase!
lol oh wow whats wrong my lovely link?
Trend 1: More research, more data; Trend 2: More interdisciplinary activity; Trend 3: Changes in Scholarly Comm. & Publishing models ...
Im gonna cry on the way to school tomorrow no doubt. Ill miss all my brothers and my favorite place in the world
great burger! It was as good a way to spend my dinner stipend as possible, for under $20.
when people say they are going to do things and they don't.<<<<<
I think I smell a tumblr page! I wish I could remember to try it at opportune moments. Xx :).
Dance for me one time dance for me two times clap that ass 4 times as fast make me smile
OK...now we've had the 2 1/2 Giants pre-game show maybe NBC will have some Patriots coverage...
it was proly the best game of the year
yeah right! nice tweet, and they also check on the quality Ron RT : What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy...
Could you guys hook us with a tag? We've got so much stuff coming soon!
i love car rides back from the beach! all the windows down and music blairing<3 #summer ;)
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes sex drive by 95% - it's called Wedding Cake
No Internet at new house for at least a week.
Anyone for carrot cake?
cutting off...............dont want to be bothered
hm okaii so watsup wat r u up to
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
Madd hungry can't wait to get to this party!!
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
David stern needs to rehire tim donaghy to make sure we have a lakers-heat final !
good call!
I hope blogs matter. I'm just about to launch
Still no podcasts? So hurting.
#MelissaMcCarthy , that was cute i'll admit.
Wow another divorce in Hollywood.. That's new
Did the real Carl Crawford get lost somewhere between Tampa and Bostonj Maybe an Amber Alert is needed.
I bought one of those in red a few months ago. Love it!
Gnite California ill see you in the am
Listening to talk about Pinterest. Looking forward to chatting again Friday.
Can't begin to explain how thankful I am for the #USARMEDFORCES. God bless each and every service member. I am forever grateful.
It's easy to spend over a hundred dollars for a costume and accessories if you buy one brand new
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonite, party tonite
Man, what a great ride! Based on the amount of bikes around campus, it seems Rice did well with Bike to Work Day
correction: only one MISL playoff game to live tweet tonight... at MISLComets
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
thanks! Prayers that you do awesome on ur finals!
... is your ticket still available?
Tiger has already been in them in person. Shaft, Balls, and all. Tiger Woods is the man! #chronictigermasterbater Here!
album coming ??
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU CAN "NOT" VOTE FROM YOUR PHONE.. IT HAS TO BE ON A COMPUTER... SO PLEASE GET TO A COMPUTER ... THANKS!!!!!
FCOMDOS about to do my hair this weekend, I don't feel like doing it myself. Lol.
The gig last night was so much fun. Thanks so much for lifting my spirits and even getting me to sing :)
wish we were at the Wolse x
Got my hands in the cookie dough! Making it sweet!
sure do!
I found my Goose! We will be unstoppable! RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose.
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth? Please help with this message!
My posts are infrequent, lighthearted and I've always tried not to get too personal but yesterday we found out we're having a little girl!!
Thank you, Ali.
Congrats Bonny!!! RT : Congrats ! JetBlue Airways Names Bonny Simi Vice President, Talent - PR Newswire - sacbee.com
My favorite producer in the game is . I say that respectfully to all the legends.
Memorizing, memorizing. Seems like that's all I do these days. :D hooray!
Bike rIde and a beer tonight! 6pm @ the shop!
I swear, if anyone posts anything about #TheAvengers I'm gonna be so angry.
I did not even think of that. to to funny.
You guys want the totally ridiculous upset of the weekend? Denver Broncos 28- Green Bay 21...let the madness ensue
k bye
The crew is headed to Frisco's in Columbia tonight (sans bike) to enjoy some yummy brews. Happy Hump Day!
How important do you think is innovation & research in the #Indian #education sector?
On MOC you mentioned book writing software you are using that automatically formatted for ebook. What is the name of the software?
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
You can spend your entire life focusing on your scars, or proudly carry them with you as you reach for the stars
the mantra right now has gotta be "don't fuck it up"
my twitter feed assplode.
that's more right wing FUD. I don't take any news source seriously that pops up a Sarah Palin ad overlay over its articles.
Discounts on top of discounts! For just $12, you will get $850 worth of Golf coupons from Let's Golf Wisconsin - only on www.crowdclick.com!
I cannot deal with people who only want to get stuff quick when I'm worried about building things that last...THIS AINT GONNA WORK!!!
Good morning guise 👽
up to all #CraigFans...He's in the kitchen working on Kate's #birthdaycake. Photos of my #MetroCakeBaker 's progress to come today.
#cnndebate why aren't people talking about the Canadian boarder? There are many undocumented people that come in through Canada!
Kirkland friends - stop by The Woodmark Hotel tomorrow night at 6:00. Free appetizers, a book signing, wine, and a gorgeous view.
#20factsaboutme 15) I have a hairless cat named Lexi
!!! I can't wait till Popstar Magazine!!!!!!
Why can't skydive for my morning wake up instead of drinking coffee? Why? Why?
good way about u :)
B-A-H on stage at the Blue Nile...now! GET IN THERE!!!
The role of education in society? It should be the role of society in education.
Ironic the best education system doesn't support liberal arts, yet Apple is worlds biggest company
Sign up on our private email list for news on gigs and upcoming new c.d.
I will be on Good Morning America - Health on Monday, 2pm & 5:30 pm see link below:
I know. Just disappointing. I did like the Indiana section this year!
If you have sex at our school then you probably have AIDS.
We'd love to have you come up! RT I think I'm driving up for a game :)
Now thats F'd up!
61 RSVP's since yesterday afternoon - and only 64 spots remaining. is flying in from Colorado for it, even!
I need some big changes in my life!
-You should be here, you would knw what we talkin about!! lol
I hate how on my days off, I just sit at home. It makes me wish I was working -.-
Time for "Operation Unfollow", If I have been following you for weeks and u haven't followed back. "YOU HAVE JUST BEEN UNFOLLOWED" Deuces
It's cloudy outside in Houston, and yet the day feels quite Breit....
Random customer: "Hello, is this the Krusty Krab?" Patrick Star: "No, this is patrick" *hangs up phone*
Hey Christine!
Why hello, Monday, where did you come from?
My foot doesn't quite fit into my mouth. Otherwise, it would be there. Unless you're kidding. In which case, I hate you.
you too brotha. Always a pleasure
I love you too.
Due to being pretty damn sick, I'm now day 4 with no cigarettes! Woo hoo! And my gets here tomorrow! #imaquitter!
I do miss u ugly... I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
OH: "Are the arrows not isosceles triangles?"
! RT just realized it's only a month until the avengers.
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
Thx homie! u already twenty twelve is our year! we taking it !
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a movie too.
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
#DASER Comfort "The lack of elegance in certain species is used as proof of evolution. Nature doesn't always use the smartest solution."
Oh my gosh, am I wearing enough greyish-blue?
cool, if I'm correct we get 500 clan xp just for enlisting him and any more #'s we can add to the core group on clan ops is a plus
You are quick! watcha up to? We could use your help on a project. Office Phone # on our website: www.OregonTVfilm.Org
Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us.
Happy mothers day again to all mothers around the world
Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
How'd I miss THAT story. He WHAT?! iShant. Shouldn't he just sit quietly and be happy he's not in prison?
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Shot Out to she's cute AF and she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
Just posted my latest, The Town Without Children. I will be posting final part very soon.
I'm aggravated as all hell. Nite.
Pulled back muscles for no reason. Thank God for icy hot and tiger balm, I am officially an old lady.
You rock.
lol naaaaa, I definitely didn't go to a party that day lmao
I feel like randomly doing a shoutout. Follow and . Do it :)
Stay tuned for a special Spring Break promo code at 6pm today. With only 21 save some $. Only at the Atlanta Bachata Fest Facebook page.
I miss you too bro!
Also the PC Gamer Digital Magazine Beta falls in to a common trap: Why isn't this just on a website somewhere? Why a specialized "app"?.
Sounds good! & et al -- participants are still registering their session ideas on the blog, so we'll see what emerges!
RT : "Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats" says at
Hey Patrick you know what's funnier then 24? What? 25!!
i wish you followed me!</3
aloha Meesh. Super sad. Jr. was one of the NFL's best and will forever be a #SanDiego icon.
ants in my sketchbook! damn it!
i wish i could take you up on that
Yes! RT : "I wish we could bottle up the Texas zen sauce that is Jon (Evans)." Debbie Kempe
Angry guy tried asking old lady w/ walker to move on escalator so he could pass her. I said don't be an asshole dude. People down here, man
You know you've learned to control your anger when you overhear two people talking about how much they hate Radiohead and not interject.
let's take some shots
Ah cool. I can imagine your character would be a fun one to write.
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named "Ego".
I had 2 change my freakin costume @ the last freakin minute, how freakin sucky is that!? Freakin cool what I'm freakin wearing now tho. ;)
Walked around the park in a jock and bottle of poppers. Got bred twice. Winning!
If you are bothered by the TRUTH than you must be living a lie!
maybe I'm too Suburbia for this lifestyle...? Miss you! See you in 3 weeks!
Any tour plans for Chi-town?
Talk takes an unexpected turn toward Alan Berkman's denial of care for lymphoma while incarcerated.
Slow day for breakdowns...
My default stance on child rearing has quickly become "I don't negotiate with terrorists". Realize who's in charge, people.
I'm tired of waiting for my Kindle Fire! I'm tired of seeing "in transit" when I track it too! I want it now!
thank you :D
Old news???? This is Breaking News!!
I see why this episode had to be 2 hours. Clearly Rachel has… songs to sing.
I miss mi amor !
I'll be honest, my greatest achievement today was actually getting out of bed.
Biggest fears: falling into sidewalk grates, zombies, and vagina.
I never lied about my feelings, I said I love you and I will always mean it.
thanks! It's a little dollhouse fixer upper :)
Namely, my mother.
Solid-State lighting (SSL), Always commonly seen in the form of Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs), I think.
We'll discuss this! “: #4AsWebinar It's most likely not interactive.”
Ipod has decided it only needs to sync the first song off of my albums.
Working every other day makes every day after the other a Monday. That's not good. Although would it make the end of the work day a Friday?
Getting sick :/
I wanna make a cover for Don't Fall Asleep At The Helm, but I'm scared I sing horrible and everyone will hate me. ;O
Thanks for the follow, you guys rock!
said son, age 5, to me: When I become a spy, you can be my sidekick.
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday. :-)
#ff & thanks for the support/follow guys!
"You cannot create experience; you undergo it."
Great night for the east end fest. Finally the weather is nice. Disappointed there isn't a country stage this year :(
#Roger #Federer wins fifth ATP Finals title
I'm sleeping while my moms texting and driving.... Lemme wake my ass up
Sitting on the patio!
Dear they are singing Africa by toto. I am disappointed
hahahaha thanks for the visual aid
“: 6......”----Ok Ci were heading into the home stretch! Let's show the world how Ci and the #Csquad roll.
lool ! Yes I can c dat
Studying in the campus center all day for finals. The next week is going to be crazy
I Love You Justin Please Follow Me <3
if I can finish up my notes shortly, I'll come by and say Hi
Lenders may offer you the chance to pay discount points to lower the interest rate of your mortgage.
What smells like tanning oil? Spring break is teasing me...
It's getting so depressing!
The Rangers are stressing me out...
tell me more, meg.
You have to forgive even if you can't forget.
Listen to your body- when you're tired, take a break. Mental, physical, and spiritual breaks are all necessary for a healthy life.
Hey Ben, I'll be at the SocialTV Summit as well. I work for Mass Relevance. It'd be great to meet and chat! -Derek
sure :D
MTV has "My super sweet 16" & "When I was 17." What's NEXT? "Officer, I swear she was 18!?"
#sincewebeinghonest #noonecares about your 100,000 followers...We get it!! You're a Media Whore!!!!
okay good because we still better have the same crew and not the newbies. lol
Mac Miller wearing the Ron Burgundy T toinght at the murat.
Our bodies often tell us what we need 2 know - we just need to learn how 2 listen!
Anybody the around Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 4-7ish?
Go for Dodonis Feta- it will change your life.
me? Now there's a band that never gives up.
I'm selling this years time share.Its a week at the beautiful Hacienda Del Mar in Cabos for $1000. www.mwishartpi.com.
Dang! She gets to take five friends with her, right?!
Writing to an awesome track!
you are such an inspiration! #MuchLove (:
Atta girl! Johnny's my hero!
Why did iWait the last couple days before prom to make up all this time ??
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen You Carry Kool Aid Packets Everywhere
Just took my baby to the hospital for surgery. Get well soon baby :-(
I need something to do tonight!!! 🍻🍻
Margarita Mondayz @ La Mansion ...
oh gosh...who?!
Last few hours in Cali...stay classy Los Angeles
Once I get this cast off I'm going kayaking and fishin in harrods creek.
I'm busy with work . My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant! How have you been
you should check it out. You ever been? Fall is the perfect time, it's a pretty amazing site.
Alvarez landing some wholesome shots!
the producers made me!
I have to disagree. Yes, it was way overdue, but it will likely cost him the presidency. That means something to me.
did you also posted on DSLReports direct forum? if you did, i am working on the issue now.
or even renaissance
wowzer! Yes, your kitchen is phenomenal, but it must be nice to be in such high demand!
YES!!! RT : Our appetite must be for a world in which human beings work together and empower each other. #stooshpr ethos
sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me..
You know im about to blow your back back out (;
Bought new desk chair for school. Heavy sub destroyed old one
nah I haven't. I'll check it out!
Lets give the cats a welcome home #BBN style! #gocats!!!!
So jealous...how was it?
do you need someone to help? i'll manage your finances ;)
hope u feel better Matt<3 LOVE YA:) i'm sure u are going to be en los premios juventud<3333
done w/ college?? that's a scary thought.
Dre is going to order pizza.
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
We're working on new material tonight and PUMPED about it!!
You're on dude.
Alison Hinds, Red Hot Flames, Iwer George, Benjai, Talpree, Skinny Fabulous & much more.....keep it locked.
Ha! RT : Another lottery tip: To improve your odds, buy TWO tickets.
....could ya get any closer, or did envy keep you away?
it doesn't matter... You're mentioning a hot tub, we're mentioning awareness of a hot tub. It's super tempting.
Cont. Words cannot describe how thankful we are to him.
have you been to a bulls game?
That or a character from prayer of the rollerboys
Let's Go
follow back Daj
Seriously? "Supermoon?" Come on, people. Act like we've been here as humans for a couple of years.
Yikes! Sorry I missed your tweet ages ago. Bad me. No cookie.
This game is insane!
Really miss u today jeff
and if it's the sane guy it won't be different- but you already have what you need...!
I spent today trying to found out what's the next step
Really excited to have join us next week Lots more awesome news coming -- stay tuned.
It's literally been flying into windows all morning. So yeah, probably.
Birthday to you!
Everyone needs at least one close friend thats a guy.
so was against it before he was for it? He's hanging out with John Kerry too much...
No joke...you're doing a fine job in Twitterland, tho. #KeepOn Except Charles Barkley I can't take you serious if you ...
Good morning world!! I feel great today and I only have God to thank for that🙏🙏 everyone have a blessed and happy day
I went to last year to see 's graduation and it was special
that kills me
Bynum yelled YOLO, shot a three and got benched haha.
I think I'm finna suck it up & take a nap. I'm not gonna miss anything...gotta keep tellin myself tht
just woke up , now time for the gym
Today 5pm starts the new currency trading wk. pay close attention to the large movements in the euro. Except a slight up side the dwn we go
No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today. Never been in this court house (thank goodness).
True broncos' fans rejoice! Peyton to sign and tebow to be traded!
Hey I heard you were a wild one...
I won't win this contest but I live tweeting you random isssh
Wait, I thought hated Minneapolis? It'd be better if they were opening for 4 On The Floor.
awesome! My wife is going to love these!
use your magic to apparate to jersey with me and
y'all be ccarefully!
aishah miller: this is what the #beyondhunger conference is all about - getting YOUR voice heard and have great conversations
Compromise is wise sometimes--we live to fight again. Weakness is unwillingness to compromise . Obama has not caved, progressives have.
can I be a ball boy?
Seau suicide so freaking sad... Nothing to say really, I just feel for his family. Especially his kids.
Beat Dat Beat Up!
Rallying Mt. Washington neighbors for the April 25th
I just be like fuck you what u need? U don't get nothing from me, u always talking shit now I'm somebody you will love to be
same here....I need a cut bad
up late, watching reruns...
Just saw a screening of footloose thanks close 2nd to the original
i think I just heard a margarita calling me.
RT : RT : The measure of any #mentor is to see anybody that he/she taught do better than he did.
I'll be for the big game this Sunday, go
Not so glamorous when pounding pavements trying to get an audition. Still love it, though!
you are one..of thousands I'm referring to who don't know any songs on the mixtape,and you didn't spell it right so stfu
Whens the last time you went to work and said "Did you watch Carson last night?" Bravo, American Masters & PBS.
Hopefully my day goes as i have planned for my mom. 😊☺👍I love my mommy! 💙
Yes maam I am! Looking forward to chatting and catching up with you :)
Is he capable of love?
YES. ONE POINT FOR USA.
Libraries are doing great things on mobile web, no apps needed. Easy access, no commitment.
I just wanna lay in bed all day
like I have it wassup
we have selected a new Drummer and generated the requisite digits welcome 1471024 to the fold more to come
and I are debating lavoy Allen vs Omer asik. Is he for real?
Great cocktails and food Fall Behind Cocktail Party
. Stop making facebook and twitter have sex and pass their aids by copying and pasting statuses from facebook for tweets.
TCGD... bids building... WILL go much much higher. Look at L2!!! Insane how high this will go... SLAP THE ASK!!!
Portlander decides to leave "main stream" roller derby league to start a rollerblade gang.
ouch :( ill pray for your head :p
lol okay well yeah that's not good sleep....well take 9 shots of tequila and it won't make no nevermind!
Anais Nin~ When we blindly adopt a religion a political system a literary dogma we become automatons. We cease to grow.
me too im on a superman diet
Disagree. I can't stand Duke, and that miracle minute was one of the most amazing things I've seen.
Have a GOP ballot? Be sure to write in for State Treasurer on your ballot!
Just ate snickerdoodle cookies w. Babe :D
That awkward moment when you're basically dumbing down your paper so your professor will understand it.
Wow. Weak shot Josh... But C's gonna give em another chance...
Let's go Brad! I don't want to see Correia in the rotation NoMo
thank you for everything!
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
i'm not down about it, it was more just reflecting on stuff. thanks for your words of support though, xx
quite the zong in that photo
Starting a daily running and exercise schedule tomorrow(:
But I want,I want,I want to be loved by you,One Direction... <3
ha nah. im guilty of it too. (:
Bless The Goddess 4 such a nice day.....
hahaha i just love this 2 silly people in my life. ♥
YES! Kids asleep & I get 2 watch commercial free! My only solo ME time all week!
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
YES ! Come to Aurora, Illinos again? PLEASE ?
For some reason, my nose decided it smells manly in my house. Went sniffing for the source to find mum frying bacon. Afterall, bacon=manly.
Finally relaxing after a long day of work
GUCCI GUCCI- kreayshawn
Rihanna Bikinis in Barbados in Super Skimpy Swimsuit (PHOTO) Rihanna slipped into yet another skimpy swimsuit before she bids adieu to 20
I should probably go to bed soon. *3 hours later* i should probably go to bed soon. *1 hour later* Crrraaappppp.
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea This is da place 4 u & 4 me Singin on da bottom of da ocean floor On our way frm da sandy shore
I will. Send u a pic
Did you hear about my Prez? He will be running through Folsom today during his #24HourRun for
I need to install a Pelican theme which doesn't have illegible code snippets. Any preferences?
...just finishing some articles on social media and athletic recruiting.
Welcome to twitter, ! We'll have a nice time, I promise.
No, not at all. I'm not that into reggae either. Solidarity!
me and would like to know why you put !!! After every single tweet??
And no pork rinds!
byyyyyyeee Tara!!! We will miss you!
RT : Tough loss but we need you against PHX friday...and thank you for your support, you guys are the best
I'm thinking Driving range tomorrow night after I look for a new #job in #Boston. Who has the heated bays and who has #Boston #Deals ?
You too! Yes, definitely.
And that would be something to play for RT don't think BYU is as locked into bowl. In 2010 ESPN moved Boise to Vegas bowl.
I enjoy my "Artist's Coffee Break" group. Artists getting together to sip tea and coffee and chat. So much fun!
What are the plans for tonight? : it would be, if you were here!
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out. Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
the joy of small town life cuz there ain't much to do lol
You put on any song and that shit is a hit
dont be laughin at my baby bunny almost dying aint nothing funn !
so I kinda calculate the time lol
might have to make the trip up from lynchburg Va
yoou just have to keep trying and never give up xo
This is true.
One more minute and we're in!
if you are not creative enough to write a story without player quotes you need a new career
One of my patients hid Easter eggs all around the unit for the other kids to find in the morning. I have the best job ever.
my friday night consists of popcorn, my blanket, twitter & The Vow.
Good day summer, hello new syllabi
Thanks for the wilco stream. I am totally rocking out !
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Thanks Hannah! hope your well and have a good Xmas!
Reading my Communication Arts. Anyone know if they Tweet?
I really dont like this at all.
Glad to hear you are enjoying the book and Ole the Viking, thank you. /cc
“: Dinner: + Greenwood at Chase Bank - US31 & County Line Rd”
u cant steal that cuz i said that first so i won
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
that was dumb what you just wrote in the CR, haha what you think
yesyesyes. I made a mole. Hold on.
Haha that my it but seriously it's not working btw hi Roman
why did Ginny and the council deny legal by-the-book dispensary Cannahelp a permit? Sick people need safe access. Report?
come ride with me tomorrow morning! 9 a.m.
It's a destiny moment. Perfect. Romans 13:11
Tampa Rays ML -125 take that to the bank!
Semi-related--do you know figures/wheretofind for single moms in Iceland and Netherlands? Much more common middle/upper there.
I wanna go home and watch Heroes.
That's my favorite show of all time, if you ever need somebody to geek out with!
Failure is necessary to succeed.
WI in #SOTU "For the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock's unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity"
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont
ill tell him to unblock u
A lolcat went into a bar/ 2 see where the cheezburgers r/ u cannot haz that/ sed barkeep 2 cat/ now the barkeep is sporting a scar
Oh, Eva. I am so, so sorry.
Black dick inside me>>>
Trying, but I can't think of anything decent enough not to change...
Off to a good start! Already 2 dogs in purses - we'll be keeping count all day
Follow The Statue! also
Three days until the BEST.CONCERT.OF.THE.YEAR!!! Blessings will flow, anointing will come down! BE.THERE!!!!!
Chop't has taken salami off its menu and I can't make my faux La Scala chopped salad anymore...this is heartbreaking!
not bad! it's friday!!
So excited for tomorrow night at The Loft in Madison, WI with Such Gold, Divided By Friday, & ! Are you?
He tweeted that after talking about trip to White House. Don't think it means anything negative.
I'm so broke right now , hopefully I can last to next week...
Seeing new work inspires me
Great meeting you. Wonderful convo. On personal and professional brands/search.
Perfect weather in Mason this weekend, you say? Well then why not!?
Who ARE these people?
I don't recall Penn Masala. i will look into it The best music these days is from Rohail Hyatt in Pakistan. I played a couple of piece ...
This is heavy.
no you don't :p
Sweet potatoe casserole, green bean casserole, and turkey ....are all calling my name :)
"our candy is fresh"
Hi Adrianne!!! I'm guessing that you're not the biggest fan of the POTUS-
I just dropped off a huge bag of candy at school for my daughter. She "needed" it for a project. Am I gullible or what?
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. Healthy food tastes great! What gets your butt off the couch?
sickest idea for a shirt
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
I've got to be the fattest kid I know
I snickered. I bet someone was having fun.
yes! And today is not over yet :) more attractions in the evening and we have tomorrow to keep on skiing :) how was the class?!
I hope all of my seniors have fun
That awkward moment when a ghost sais boo.
Worlds best DJ ATB n Daniele Tavella will rock Playhouse tonight. Almost sold out come at 10pm or book ur table we got a few left.3103826067
aright guys im off to sleep so see ya follow me i follow back
go get a good run or 2 this weekend and do ALOT of Abbs !!
Yo I sent some beats to you, hope you check it out.
Thanks...I actually head that way in 2 hours for it, so it'll be a fun filled afternoon! ;-)
yes, indeed! will have a booth baby.
Didnt break a sweat but she's soaking wet
Thanks for the follow. Happy Wednesday
aw c'mon #Mahomie's follow us! we only just made this page & need some mahomie love(;
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike.... but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
Curious about assignments and readings for your leadership class next q.. any you'd be willing to share?
You can email us for a bulk order or meet us for lunch at KPTV in Beaverton Thursday, April 12th!
not new finding, but has serious consequences for research on social isolation vs. connectedness, esp. in a context of heavy media coverage
Faux News has to love the Olbermann and Current TV are suing each other. Gives them real news to report instead just making it up.
please come visit this summer, for all of those reasons and more! Weekends are booking up, so let's discuss son!
Bouta go have breakfast at Denny's with Corina!!
And the page that it sent me to was not at all mobile-friendly. So I Googled and got the info I needed. :)
I think it's time for Doug Melvin to walk around the neighborhood with the garage sale signs
I agree. I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever Now you in the corner tryna put it together
also thank you for the link last night. It helped!
RT : We ❤ what does: "Bringing out the best in teens" whether U R a #parent #teacher or
eeeks, we might disagree on who is number 1 and 2. But I still love ya.
thanks for everything you do mike. Make following my beloved wild easy even though I live in Portland. Appreciate you
What does 6 innings of shutout ball and 8 K's get you? A loss if you're Jared Weaver of the #Angels. There's a serious funk going on!
Congratulations Tiger! Clearing the past and making your comeback!
Bruno Mars is performing...no comment
is ready to go on a trip...
Pro tennis this week in #Midland Michigan for the Dow Corning Tennis Classic , great event put on by great community
Either twitter eating tweets or ppl deleting shit.
i will sleep like a little tiny baby tonight.
Come visit us at today and tomorrow! We're serving Dr. Pepper-braised pork belly & NitroCream desserts!
When I need to a taste of reality, my Bestie Steven is always there to tell it like it is...
I'll send you the syllabus when it's ready; love to have ppl check it out!
thanks for following ty!!
:o I MISS YOU TOO!!! I haven't talked to you in 272727 years!
East Andrews Cafe & Bar. 56 East Andrews Dr NW, ATL, GA. Goilli and Crystals Boutique Fashion Show. Come out
Amen! MT Cataloguing -- more important than ever!
hot. RT : I am a cultural truffle pig, rolling around in the cultural mud. Pluck the cultural tidbits from my salivating mouth.
The one you're looking for, you're not going to find her here...
Free tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
Happy May Day! Such a beautiful day to work on music for the next Yoga Album... What's your favorite yoga pose?
the only way to save the #Oscars right now is to find James Franco and give him a microphone and a bottle of Jack.
1 day until our SURGE info session with !
I'm your sis
I dunno I used to bounce hand set off the table top then throw it into the cradle, it was more: BANG, bang rattle rattle
to you and me, no, he doesn't look cold. But, to middle America, he's facts and figures. McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
thank you very much!
you are fabulous on ! I watch you every week. Enormous congrats to you. I always knew you would be a
LOVE the lemon and lime colors!
Had a great lunch at Dough today. Love the burrrata and the marshmallow nutella panino rocked! Best meals in San Antonio!
Happy Hump Day😉
LOL - lets not even go to the second rule...
Does Mitt Romney tie a dolphin to the roof of his yacht?
We're #HIRING an Executive Recruiter!!! Call me @ 813-379-3700 if interested.
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
I love udon. That is all.
Coming up on Sunrise, calling hours for Capt. Bruce Clark will be held today and a RPD Sgt. shot while on duty returns to work.
- my favorite side is the third base side at Dodger Stadium:o) Thankful to bleed Dodger Blue!
NO ONE YETX
plz b me
Wants a little scooter, but only if I can ride it in Tokyo.
Nicholas Maybury!Leave it alone RT : As soon as my grandma goes to bed I'm taking her electric scooter for a joy ride!
Nope. Happy 0401 :)
"Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all." Alexander the Great.
wish I had energy 2 see my friends Acacia play Red Devil 2night. I am totally done 4 the night and have already switched to Sleepy time tea
We didn't mean to unfollow, glad you said something. THanks!
One boat wait on Edmonds-Kingston ferry right now.
Championship week in Las Vegas: WCC Tourney Final tonight, WAC and MWC tourney's start later in the week.
are going to take down the today
thanks for the shoutout
Have you tried our burger yet? You can add pork belly, pimento cheese, an extra patty, chicken liver mousse or even a fried egg!
Wishing you happy holidays!
Say goodbye to Texas
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards
They migrated down the Sweetwater River Canyon. I went to warn the kids down the st b'coz there are little ones there & they were like HOW?
She's right, but she succumbed to it. That's not good for next generations.
NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T
Leaving space for leads
Enjoying some
it was no recording dude it was me he never sayed that in a recording on what i said
Taking a walk on the canal. ☀
Think you meant "can't" and you're right. Guess the Sox believed it.
I was alwaya fuck up my spelling on simple ass words on twittta cause my phone
SERIOUS QUESTION: Does anyone know anyone in the porn industry (production, acting, etc.), especially in LA? This is urgent and important.
He's my hero.
Came to the realization that I won't have a date to prom.
Thanks for the Twitter follow.
serious? GA plays GA tech...non conference schools..the hype of this is it border games is ridiculous
Behave with your new friend :P
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.~ Amy E. Dean
Hope you are all well and watching the Basia Show throughout the Caribbean
Owen Wilson Returning to Action Movies with 'The Coup' - Hollywood Reporter
Glad I watched enough movies to know that I can not be easily thrown out "police" cant touch me without a eviction notice.. Sorry
Me too! I love that he has been on TV a lot lately RT Call me silly but Tebow picking the Pats has boosted my confidence a bit
THIS BOSTON #REDSOX #REDSOXNATION GIRL LONGS FOR HER IDIOTS...
new icon!
Seems like a good turn out for Ciclovia 5 today.
#skipstebowbandwagon Hey Skip are you still going to put the Ravens over the Steelers or will it take winning the SB.
The Marina branch was my home branch while a student at CSUMB!
Thankful for family, friends, food, shelter, health, wisdom, pets, music, art, flowers, coffee and chocolate. Thankful I can give.
Starting out horrible no time for this.
I'm so with you. I cannot stomach their lies. It's disturbing on so many levels!
Da person dat sleep on da right side of da bed makes da most money. Person on da left is da happiest... So true
HELP ME GET MY MOM TO TAKE ME TO PLAYLIST LIVE SO I CAN SEE YOU!!!!!!!! :D
I paid last time... then discovered they have free tickets... I sorta wanna go free to the next one I attend?!
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
We have a special going on for black fashion fit tees with printing.
This snow would be really pretty if I didn't have to drive in it
Feeling very bittersweet!
DO IT!
It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed & announced where they are going to steal from & it's ended up on the news!.
Why the hell did I pick against Shaka Smart. Turn this shiz around
Definitely in May. Do you know the topic yet?
Lunch with before the #PRSA media breakfast tomorrow!
u aint lying bt there are sum ugly people up. In here
Be glad you haven't done priest duty in the deep South. There was a time when that was THE song. I drank more then.
oh yeah there was that. :( But its my daughters birthday and I get to enjoy daddy-daughter dance class tonight with them.
yes, very intriguing! Perhaps next project after current massive, daunting, all-consuming one. :)
Prince, she had used condoms in her pocket. There's no night of the week that makes that alright.
I know I'm not the one she wana go wit lol.. Never C !
gonna have to check when I get home :) not sure since we have so many!
Fluffy pillows are used for hugging. But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. So were my eyes... When you said I love you <3 (HUH. Sounded better in my head..)
Those who trust in the Lord for help will find their strength renewed. They will rise on wings like eagles. -Isaiah 40:31, GNT
So grateful for all that is!
Just saw Project X with best movie ever
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment."
I there singing a song you don't know in church and you don't know the tune who cares just read some scripture and start shouting- Dr Dembow
Difference is the while still a do-acracy, it's based on what you do for DrupalCon, not Drupal or d.o. It relies on volunteers.
War of the roses on Boy was that juicy! #scumbag #cheater 😡
I want the picture of my best friend.
Metro 1 is currently seeking innovative web companies to participate in an RFP process for several exciting web projects. Interested partie…
Best part of the pub crawl- Jeb at Pix Patisserie pulling out a bullhorn while I'm singing Happy Birthday to a woman through mine
Awesome. Worth going you think or should I just take him to Best Buy?
Dear baltimore city, please pay your electric bill. #notrafficsignals in mount vernon
I am a humble star I know without ur fans u aint shit so I am tryin to get yall fucks wit yo boy I appreciate all the love
": I like to take it one day at a time" short sighted thinking will leave your bank account short as well, gotta plan evry move
": If Social Networks Made You Cool Then Ya Really A Fuckin Lame #KnowDat" lmao! Truth.come
im good
CLOCKWORK TAKEOVER of Tonight!! With
Thanks for the follow Shayna! ( :
shout to cop top family !!
"But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ." [Ephesians 2:13]
Glee just referenced the hunger games.
Thanks for helping to spread the word about WeSeed. We're here if you have any questions or feedback. :-)
If doesn't play Skinny Love next Thursday in SF, I might pout a lot. cc
I got the series of unfortunate events. Lol I remember reading these win I was little. I bet the movie will suck tho
If I could ask any glee character to Dane it'll be (:
Downtown Miami chilling
Friday Morning Computer Cafe! No experience required, computers available, April 27, 9-10:30 AM, Chippewa Falls Senior Center...
At MWA University and the classes rock. Soulfood 4 the mystery writers mind.
Please STOP following me! The real content is over - news on social commerce, ecommerce, brand & user experience. Stop, I say, Stop!
That's what confuses me. I only bought one container.
Going to saddle up with an Old Fashioned and root for #MadMen on the #Emmys tonight. Draper would be proud.
YES SHE IS STFU!
Gotta have it
Follow back
My plan too! ": #PLA12 conference tip: if you can stay w/ friends in the host city, pick up galleys and give them as a host gift."
That's great news. I keep all my receipts from everything I can't wait to c how much we get to write off
I need to be fat or something. Everything I eat will not fill me up!
When teachers expect me to go to dead day
foxnews.com - just as out of touch with the rest of the world as their news crew - wow, who the hell architected that piece of crap?
KD is black mamba jr.
RT : You guys hear that new single by Chief Queefe? // ?????
Why wasn't one direction nominated for best music group? Bitch excuse me but they are 100x better than BTR and the Black Eyed peas .... wtf
Is so good!
As much as I liked the film, most of the success of 'Thor' was due to the incredible score.
That's so sweet of you to do. Mothers are so important and I believe Mothers Day should be everyday! Cheers!
Check out Making Sense of the American Civil War: Film Series featuring "Gettysburg" starring Jeff Daniels @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 12.
You could do the ol' sink or swim test!
Listening to the Ernie Kovacs Percy Dovetonsils CD that came in the mail today.
But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit "yoga for bubbies" deets soon
In college football this year, the Alabama Crimson Tide will struggle against Michigan, Arkansas, and LSU. They will lose those games.
What's the point of having a twitter if all you tweet about is how high you are? Support 420 but Jesus Fuck
Found it. It's in the Pedagogy section, Universal Design, ADA Compliance. It's called Accessibility Online.
Insetad of macports or fink, try homebrew. It's much better IMO.
Why will #4profit and online schools prosper? It achieves outcomes, a solution to capacity gap, it's how children are already learning
You really got a hold on me.
Hey Ed, Jay Roach also directed Game Change, so political docudramas are his thing. You'll be great!
I've seen it on YouTube. It was rough.
Every time I've gone to recently that song has come on. It makes me dance in my chair. : )
I ruined everything today. Great.
im on it!
Those who love their job would do it for free when possible. Those who say it won't
I have a follower! Thanks !!
and I always have the best lunches
In 3rd wk at and lovin' it! We're looking for a .NET QA Engineer. Join us!
Who thinks needs to sneak off to the #Muse2012 cocktail hour this afternoon? The husband and kids won't even notice...
same here. Missing link for me between Kittler and Murakami's 1Q84.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
It's workshop day:)
I'm so jealous you me IRL!!!
I wanna see that new Will Ferrell movie...wonder if it's any good
Focusing too much on the technology medium means you are missing the point: It's all about communication!
Madonna is 53 and performs better than you. @ beyonce
I can put it in a simple term: I'll do anything to prevent GOP from winning.
aye I digg it
Dude i know right?? a more functional vaggazzal, i want to be responsible for all the ladies on our emerald isle smiling!
- Why pretend to be sensible?
oh. nice. i like skype.
i just want you to know you will always have my support, forever and always <33 follow me plz
Well it's not really hate because to hate would mean there was a presence of a positive energy and there never was. Just bad juju since day1
ha! doubtful! what'd you do to yourself?
": What is YOUR favorite time to workout- morning or night?"- night! Im not a morning person at all!
Don't you hate it when you feel guilty about yourself because you weren't there for that special person and now there gone?
Will I get my nerd card revoked if I admit to not really caring about The Avengers?
sounds like a plan! looking forward.
Can't wait to see my #moms this weekn
& would be veddy good boyfriends (:
Yesterday I finished up season 1 (which I started on Wednesday) Now I'm probably gonna' watch 7 or 8 episodes today :3
Jonas Brothers leaving Disney
I believe in the lord and I have faith that god will guild me in the right direction to do the things that I was put here to do
Funny thing is we could be talking about 's ideas and qualifications, instead of defending her decision to refuse an interview
😏there is some1 always watching. N telling u ( damn you a fat ass ) that's just for me tho.
It's going, plane crash. You ain't need no seat belt. These bitches didn't cum , why the fuck they seat melt? (;
RT : Agreed. It's like our #lecole41 graduated and went off to college! Indeed!
Joyeuse Action de Grace ! Be happy.
HOOPIN TODAY??? WE HAVE JORDAN SHORTS
Wife is 8 months pregnant.The baby now has all 5 senses, while everything she sees, smells, hears, tastes, or touches makes her cry or puke
FREE BIRD
RT : Cool --> RT : Google Superbowl Commercial made with screen capture +6 million visits. say
Love the Crooked Ale's HH!
wheat has arrived at Brix free tasting tonight from 5-6:30...oh yes I will be there. Watch out Boulevard Wheat!!
Just when I was beginning to freak out. I don't think I've ever been so excited to get a Facebook message.
have fun in my hometown. if u are hanging with Jeen, say hi for me :)
nice job tonight! It only gets better from here... Let's Get Dizzy!
Not even on YouTube?
Had 80s flashback dream (didn't want it to end)! Had windows open overnight (IN MARCH!!). How bizarre is this weather? Another hot day ahead
Back down to LA to hopefully secure a position on a feature. Also researching solutions for using iPads as wireless monitors.
how come the bundles are the same price as the regular presale and have more? I already bought the regular ones :(
- most will give feedback no matter the approach. Your right ..a pleasant experience for both sides will always be remembered
I am feeling very lonely these days!! I need attention.. ? ? anyone out there?? #Smorgit & #SmorgME!
Relationships with faculty. Curriculum mapping for collection development and library instructional design.
Watching some highlights from the Mets broadcast last night, good realize that every team has a homer in the booth.
You're better off without me...
Prepared for the coming Gus Johnson explosion at the end of Xavier-KState...he's due...
I'm a bad mofo#howyoulovethat?
I have to admit that I'm a little excited about the new season of #swamp people. Choot'em!
I can finally get back into clowning!
RT : Against all odds: Her collection of intensely feminine dresses and shapely tailored jackets and skirts co-design......
Walking home from the capitol was a mistake. Never again.
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family. But yes you is a
S/o to tha team #TEAMDEONTE yall really promoting!!! Let's keep up tha good wk!!!! I love all Yall mane!!!!! Let's get get get it!!! :)
me too:P
all #bands and #musicians follow me
i need to tlk...holdin shit in done caught up with me
Anna's dream: library collapsing from overuse. People in wizard outfits saying "But I only borrowed 2 things!"
We make many of our decisions out of fear. Fear is an emotion and living our lives based on emotions like fear will bring our lives to ruin.
I love pumpkin smash! So jealous!
It looks fabulous! Good job.
Today is World Teachers Day. Thank you to all my teachers at UPIS
thanks - saw your blog post. Great stuff!
wow u sure do cuss alot!!!
If you make really good music somebody will notice.Keep your groove strong,play with "passion"Don,t get discouraged keep on "pushin" OK?
I like working out first thing in the morning. Its a great way to get the day started. My energy level is high in the morning
Kobe is the best man in my fantasy basketball team. Who's yours?
First time in 8 years I'm missing opening day. Feels like Santa skipped my house.
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22. I can wait
Two and a Half Weeks to Maymester | Taming My Monsters
A San Diego bar has a Halloween party listed as an upcoming event. I was going to tweet them about it but they haven't tweeted in a month.
If I could get a few celebs behind the Last Breath movement we'd see some better numbers...hm?
Lots of organizational contests and festivals this time of year - how are everyone's groups doing?
Amy Wilson gives HCM update unified on-boarding (role based), I-9 and payment elections. New enhancements for mgrs.
que VIVA!
Why are people RTing me from like 82029 years ago? lol
Thank you! (: Of course, Stay high!
I told you that tho. Both LA & Memphis is not beating the Spurs
The hyrax can do anything. They are amazing.
new SOA makes me happy boy! “: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.”
emceeing for the radio station in BroadRipple today!
you're not a stillers fan too are you?? "Here we go...." so creative.
thats an awesome idea!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
It must feel amazing to have promoting you guys so much. Maybe you'll tour together one day :)
Had fun auditioning for "Sea of Destiny" yesterday. I was exhausted after it though. A LOT of emotions!
I liked the picture you took with me in Sacramento :)
I think I just walked on to a Banana Republic photo shoot on Park Avenue. FINE i'll stay and you can use me in your ad campaign.
That card is so cute!
Are you taking on any new clients
Is on Spring Break!
Whatever. I just want to be able to take you out whenever i want to.
#OPB Radio, coffee, client (phone) calls in PJs and good weather = happy boy! Work in #beaverton later, off to get ready.
same here.
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
Ha RT "AT&T just released a new limited edition Lebron James phone. It only vibrates, because it has no ring."
Let me go change my shirt before VonVon gets here.
Purpose gives birth to hope and instills the passion to act.
Wanna go back to sleep
#D'Antoni retires. First the #Knicks scare #LarryBrown away now this. When is #DavidStern going to start holding #JamesDolan responsible?
"people are stupid, especially teachers." lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
ouch... late night with the Irish lads and lasses last night. Thank God alcohol was not involved. ;-) I blame and
I'll be sure to ask
Animals wane their children at the appropriate time without emotion or guilt. Humans should do too; no 4yrs old walking to mom to suck milk
Slow-running Dunn in LF? I don't understand baseball. Realize he hits better than Dayan, & we gotta have #14 on 1B, but still.
that could be the Same photo for
he's barking up the wrong tree. haha. get at me later, we're messing with Milan's function tonight.
you just don't stop..lol imma get you back you'll see
“: How exciting! I can't wait to be that interesting too!!! Gonna keep workin it!” its hard wk!!!
it's okay baby! Just means you're tired! :D
Hahah, I Feel Great!! ;P
Follow ! I'll be blogging about them soon. What to do in case you start hearing voices...
I miss real housewife's of Atlanta OMG #team Kim zolciak
Don't forget to go VOTE today for the #TN primaries!
Awww, I had a bunny like that --- his name was Bernie. He was a Bernie Rabbit.
I'd still kill people. Thats the point, I wanna know what it was like to be HIM. In his mind and everything
Yes we will!
is there a groundling show in your future?
Thanks so much Simon!We have some big things in the works so look out soon.
I don't think I could RP on twitter they don't let you say enough lol
It was a pleasure interviewing & we wish u the best of luck in India & on Big Boss! Those girls don't know Sunny like we do! xx
You are welcome but We do believe this is very important applications and it should be used extensively & you are doing a good job
Great, thanks! I emailed Your site looks amazing, btw.
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 510: VALSAMPA / Brand name: Canção Wines, Quinta do Rio Grande wines Heart of palm Copagro
never again will i do that...i refuse.
TRYING (and failing) to write a story for english about a badass without using any inappropriate words. it's not working very well. D:
this is gone be a year like non other
Yall bout the same height. “ Oh how I love ice cold water. You'd think I was a reptile or amphibian in a past life”
: thanks for the shoutout!
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Despite what's shown on tv, black men take care of their families and we care about our child's education.
feel u on that..I'm in cali..killin the actin game ma..so I kno just what u talkin bout..hit me on facebook 2..Kiyano La'vin
Flower Kings -Tour Kaputt - CD/DVD and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Thanks for the Mentions!
Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE! That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!
Good luck in the studio today ... Make us some god music :)
San Diego was great. It's hard not to love being on the west coast
Woo-hoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20! haha keeping it young with
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
thanks for the twitter love <3
can see why it's your favorite you look amazing
You are doing great... When I can see your #Hummingbirds website
Prof Bies: Reinvention is the key to longevity. Best examples? Madonna! Oprah! Dr G! Kaya Henderson!
While riding my bike down south lamar my face almost almost met the side of a car due to a motorist who failed to consider bike traffic.
We are un chien andalusia... and we will debase you.
